"It's nice"
"It's ok"
"It's good"
Neat
Their product is good
To buy progressive
"To
Buy a card"
To buy a buik
To celebrate fifa
They can teach your children about money
You can get good coverage
A great quality luxury vehicle
They deliver when you don’t want to go out
They are fully protected
I was not a bigger fav. It was loud & confusing.
A good beer that you can enjoy anytime and anywhere
Interesting. It caught my attention.
Interesting concept that the sunglasses are guaranteed for loss or broken.
I did not like the ad. Boring!
It makes you want to travel.  I liked the scene from Peter Pan.
Horrible ad and it was very poorly made especially coming from a billion dollar corporation
It’s pretty good if you like beer and sports otherwise it was unappealing
It was somewhat appealing but the topic didn’t fit with the ad very well
Boring ad for Buick in my opinion
Not bad as it did get my attention but would need to hear prices
It was entertaining
It was okay I guess
It was okay.
It was basic and not interesting
It showed the product nicely.
Good
Good
Goof
Good
Good
Getting like it that much
I actually like that because that is as good car
I like this side I think I would use it
It is awesome I like what he had to say
I definitely would use it I have been using it
I felt good about the ad. It left me with positive feelings
I like the tie of Peter Pan and staying a kid as long as possible
I think it looks like a nice vehicle and one I would consider driving
I don’t have the best experience with progressive so thag affects my view of it
I think the warranty is unique and something many can appreciate
I really liked this ad. It was an attention grabber but not too long.
I really like the ad and how it represents DoorDash
I think the ad is very attention grabbing because of it’s reference to Peter Pan
I like the ad itself. It’s very entertaining and catches your attention
I really like the different Buicks being shown in the commercial showing the different options.
Buick is a good vehicle brand that has a lot of different vehicles
Progressive is a good auto insurance company and deals you can bundle for insuring other items
Walmart is a good place to buy items like clothes, food and electronics
Doordash is good for home deliveries of anything you want
Shady rays seems like a good durable pair of glasses
"It's ok for people who can afford to buy it"
If its true it would be a good buy
"This ad was so confusing at the beginning. I had no idea what it was about into the very end so I was just trying to figure out what it was trying to say instead of ""enjoying"" it."
"I miss people coming together and cheering during a game. I haven't had that in awhile, so its super nostalgic to see."
"I love it! Straight to the point with excellent visual imagery that's not too over-theatrical about the hypothetical situation - it's realistic. It's not done in a way that's trying to make a joke out of the offer. I love and appreciate hilarity, but the rest this ad was done, it really imbued trust. It's a nice, fast, informative ad with a great offer."
"This is such a generic car commercial which I'm frankly getting tired of. Nice scenery, modern touch and music. It's just been done so many times and screams boring. I have no idea how a Buick is better than other cars on the market from this commercial."
This is confusing
I’m not the target audience
I’m not the target audience
It’s boring
It has good Buick to drive
It has good quality
It has good news
It has good credit build up
It has good taste
Good looking cars
Probably going to be a lot of orders like that.
Good warrenty
I can see the appeal but my kids are grown.
It was amusing
Buick has SUVs for everyone.
Shadyrays has replacement for every pair.
Not much just really confused of the concept
Discover has credit for everyone.
Progressive has coverage for everyone.
It was informative
It was entertaining
"I think it's a good look and it inspired me"
It was informative
It was entertaining
It was not funny.
I like knowing about the product and the guarantee that comes with it
There was nothing remarkable about this ad. I’ll forget about it before I go to sleep tonight.
It was visually pleasing. Still not very memorable.
I usually like any ad that includes humor to make its point. I also like the play on words, passive progressive.
All of the scenes were very visually appealing. I liked this car ad very much.
Very informative and I like it very much
I hate these typevof commercials
Not sure what they are selling
Great idea
Classy and beautiful style
I hate soccet
Not to good
The ad is interesting I like the visuals
The ad is very upbeat and grabs your attention
The ad is short and sweet and and to the point
"The ad got ota message across, but because this isn't the final version of the ad, there were a bit too much time where there were no voices or sound for my liking."
There was nothing special about the ad just a typical car ad
The green aura trail and starry sky.
The fresh water splash was refreshing in the ad with the glasses
The car design is decent.
The drinks looked refreshing.
The animation looks kinda familiar.
Is doordash really that fast
I like the theme they went with
Progressive insurance is not as cheap as they say
The end part was funny
Used to see commercials like that as a kid
It was funny shaddyglasses
"The
Buick is a good car"
"I think it could be a good insurance if they follow through with what they're promoting."
"I think it's very convenient when you need take out food right away and have no transportation."
"I think it's convenient to have sunglasses that don't damage easily."
"I think it's a great way of how a parent or guardian of their children, can show their children how to manage their own money."
"I think it's very cool with the design of the new vehicles they're bringing out."
It might help kids learn how to spend wisely
Never heard of this brand. How cool!
Its okay
Love the interior
Love how sassy the lady is
I love they used original characters/actors
The backgrounds were nice.
It’s boring but got me a little curious
I hated this sf
It’s a fun concept
Totally exploitative
That if you want to teach your kids on how to balance a budget and a checkbook or a credit card greenlight is this particular product
Then if you want to save money and don’t be passive progressive use progressive insurance
And if you want a good pair of sunglasses, shady
If you are having a party and you want stuff delivered to your residence, DoorDash does that for you
But if you’re looking for a car, this particular brand is a good choice
It was definitely different.
It used a likable spokesman.
It was rather boring compared to their other sds.
It was okay but nothing very memorable.
"It's timely and fitting."
"I'm not watching or interacting with the World Cup this year"
I like the insurance aspect
"I'm interested to know more"
"It didn't move the needle"
"It's boring. Most insurance ads are as well."
"Its pretty cool that if you lose them they'll replace them."
I thought it was very futuristic.
It looked simple & safe occurring.
It describes its meaning very well.
I thought it was way to fast.
Sunglasses for the average person
Door dash delivery is convenient
Progressive insurance
Geeen light master card
Buick car manufacturer
I need this
I think I need this one
I need this one too
I need it all
I think I need this one too
It was boring
I like the visuals in the ad but I have no idea what the product is
I don’t think DoorDash should be delivering alcohol
I would like to know more information
I would like to have a closer view of the car
I don’t like the passive progressive character.  Tell me about the product
It’s ad
It’s money
Rays
Buds light
Buick
It is great
It is great
It is great
It is great
it is good
The luxury of the vehicle and the status it brings
Eye protection
Insurance plans don’t have to be difficult
The luxury associated with perception
That’s it’s important
I love Buick vehicles
"Not much.  I don't use Progressive.  I like the Flo and sister ads"
"I'm not sure what the ad is about. But I loved the Peter Pan vision"
"It's a good product"
It was ok for people who wear regular sunglasses.  I have to use prescription sunglasses
"Well, I don't drink beer but I get the idea behind the ad"
I love the design of the car and how it looks
The ad was actually persuading me to switch to progressive
It looked nice
"I love how there's protection for people who always lose stuff (like my boyfriend)"
I love how it inspires me to create a bank account and teach finances to my 8 year old niece
Beautiful vehicles with good innovations and marketing. Stands out and seems distinguished
Tuff lighting
Good ad with fun delivery and characters. Memorable and special
Shades seem stylish and the offer is very great and pragmatic
This was unique and quirky and pokes fun. It was a good ad.
Unique and thought-provoking. I rate this ad highly
Pretty silly and stupid (in a good way)
It was very cool
It was interesting
It was funny
I liked it
It was very interesting
A bit silly for the older heads
Too much happiness for alcohol
I think it was informative
It was ok and a little funny
It got my attention
I thought it was an ad for something else and the visual was hard to focus with
I thought it was good
"It's interesting"
Tuff ass lighting
Progressive
Buick
Door dash is one of The best delivery service
Shadray
The ads show something brand
Greenlight will provide the financial services you need
ShadyRays wil replace you broken glasses
DoorDash will deliver your favorite beer to your door while you are watching your favorite game with your friends
Switch to Progressive Insurance for better coverage and savings
Buick will deliver the best design, luxury and technology
Nice interior shots of the Buick
Nice effects of Peter Pan
I liked it. Nice pair of sunglasses
Weird effects on the progressive ad
You can DoorDash alcohol
"It's okay"
"I didn't think much of the commercial."
I thought the ad was good by showing if you run out of beer, Door Dash will get it to you without you missing the sporting event.
Good way to market the merchandise.
I did not like the ad. It seemed to be putting people down.
"It was showing a Buick so, you could see it's features."
insurance deals
Nice car, looks like quality
durable sunglasses
app’s shopping
doordash delivers alcoholic beverage
I think car ads are boring that just show cars driving their needs to be something the viewer can relate to . Like a do a scene where someone is purchasing a car for the first time
"I think the scenes relate more to kids than adults , peter pan reference for a financial card doesn't relate to adults ."
I think the ad is good if what it says about shady rays and their glasses actually holds up to be true .
I think the advertisement would be better with real humans . But the ad is good and relatable
I think this is a good ad its relatable and just in time for the playoffs . Most people dont know they can order adult beverages
Great
Green
Great
Great
Great
Accountable company
Fun
The different color trucks
I liked the illustration. I thought it was funny. Especially the passive aggressive comments.
I was confused about what it was advertised. I saw DoorDash but it took me a minute
How the shades can stand the water
It was nice. It’s was good quality
I was confused is it about ultra or doordash
"It's simple and it gives full description of the product"
"I didn't like the visual effects of the ad nor did I appreciate how rude the character was"
It made a very good reference to the ad and the message involving the product. Comparing age to a all time favorite childhood story to a card that is for children coming of age and responsibilities such as credit or debit cards
"It's relatable convenient and affordable"
I love DoorDash
Cool sunglasses I like em I want em
Very appealing and visual.
It had a good pace and gave information in a clear way.
While I understood the message, I find it basically more insulting than helpful.
Very upbeat and informative.
Very upbeat and fun.
Good ad.
Good use of info sharing. I want to check out their sunglasses
Great use 9f Peter pan the the neverland cast
I think it was a good ad that showed some nee smart features.
Love the Passive Progressive!
Good sense of humor
Forgettable
Good visuals
Interesting visuals
Good visuals
"It's boring"
"It's very boring"
"It's very boring"
I like the ad
I like the ad
"I don't know"
"Whatever you need it's on there"
"I don't know"
If you want a car that the car to get
"I truly thought this was a Michelob Ultra commercial until the very very end. So I don't know if that is a good thing or bad thing for those who don't finish until the end of the commercial."
100% protection over lost or broken sunglasses is an incredible opportunity for customers.
The lady letting go of the steering wheel and the massive display really caught my attention more than anything else.
Passive Progressive is a very clever play on words.
The cars were nice
The ad was terrible
It was a nice ad
Where is flo for progressive
It was funny to see how fast it works
it was moving slow with amazing effects , very clear about the product it was aiming for , very calming to watch as well.
"was moving fast for me , couldn't focus on the product or the service the ad was aiming for . well at least for me ."
"it's suprisiñg because at first I thought it's about Michelob ultra beer then it turns out about doordash so that's pretty clever service advertising tbh . very catchy & fun to watch . W as."
"I just like how clear the message is about the product as well as the effects , it's calming , surprisingly not an annoying ad . Fun to watch for sure ."
"I was a bit too confused to be honest , I'm not sure why but I could barely understand the scenario even though I knew it's about progressive insurance company .not bad overall ."
I really like they they actually showed the glasses getting destroyed
"The party scene reminds me of the party's my household had during my birthdays"
The vehicle in the ad looked amazing
I really like the concept of the ad
I really like the idea of pirates and the visuals were super cool
I enjoyed it
Door dash . Now I dont have to drive to get my beer
Sha Ray i dont ware sunglasses because I lose them all the time. This might change my mind
The commercial  has a bully in it . We all hate bullies
It was a current  vibe and I happen to like Buick.
I liked the other progressive commercial better
I like the Peter pan layout of the commercial
I was shocked to learn door dash delivers alcohol
It was just a normal sunglasses commercial
I like it but starts out slow
I thought it was fun and very lively it made me interested in watching it till the very end
It made me think of progressive as a brand of insurance where I could save a lot of money if I switched over to them
DoorDash delivers alcohol
The shades are covered with protection
It depicted Buick as a premium brand to me I never thought of it as having such beautiful autos and suvs.
I love the ad shady rays look like a really durable good looking and quality sunglass brand
The add was confusing at first, then it explained what it was about
I like Buick, and the suv looked stylish
"I use doordash, and didn't know they deliver beer"
I have progressive insurance, I like their rates
I liked the shades
It had a lot going on and seemed chaotic
I think it’s cool
I think it’s adventourous
I like the car and seems cool
It was kind of boring
I have progressive but didn’t like the ad.
A good ad for Ultra
It was a cool selling ad.
I’d like a Buick
I didn’t really get the message.
New m&m candy
Good ad
"I think it's good"
I’m not quite sure
Boring even with real actors but a little humor at the end
It was entertaining and unexpected
That the product comes with protection against loss or damage
I liked the music and scenery and I am a fan  of GM
"I'm assuming it is for door dash"
Buick is innovative
Ok
Tasty
Good
Ok
Good
Progressive saves in multiple ways and with snapshot.
"It doesn't mean anything to me. I already have a bank and I do not need another one."
I already have bad experiences with door dash. So I do not use it anymore.
I have prescription glasses. So those glasses do not apply to me.
"Not much to think at all. Being as I will never be able to afford one. To me it's just rubbing it in my face."
If progressive was able to save me that much money. I would be using it currently.
Greenlight card That helps your kids establish their credit and money spending is to start way of a new life for new kids and freedom
Using doordash is a very helpful when you are in a party or need something to purchase and you do not want to escape from it You call it in they bring it and save you time and more to yourself
The sunglasses has warranty and they will get cover for anything if it gets damaged That brings the attention that whatever you buy from them it gets cover
"The Buick design the inside that achieve new products that's in light you to drive and feel good with the color the model itself enjoyment with a new adventure that awaits you"
"It's about an insurance It helps you to choose the right one that makes you fit your budget and helps you out with a good coverage"
Would love to have sunglass protection
It is interesting.
I liked the luxurious images
I like that it gets me thinking of better insurance deals
I like the community scenery.
I liked the fast paced scene and catchy music. Also liked how DoorDash partnered with FIFA
It was relatable with a well known brand. I liked the different characters portrayed. It was very believable
I like the variety of glasses and the way it showed how if you break them they will replace them
I liked the fast paced scene change and the luxury cars from Buick
The nostalgia with Peter Pan characters got my attention
ShayRays will replace your shade if you break it
It was as expected for car manufacturer
Thought initially it was for Michelob Ultra
"I don't know what this is for"
It was unappealing
Investment app for adults and youth
The ad was for both DoorDash, ultra beer products and fifa. I like the realistic sport environment
Strong glasses
I like the message though it’s feels a bit corny but the actors made it work. lol being passive progressive!
The cars actually looked nice
Nice pair of shades
It was ok
I appreciated the looks of all the different cars in the different colors. I was surprised when there was a driverless scene
Made think of traveling
I did not like the ad. I didn’t like the condescending comments
It was good ad for the Cup. It kind of incorporates two products into one ad
It was a creative way to show a product to adults that is geared for kids
Not much but i liked the animated video graphics
I think it is an interesting concept as sunglasses are often times lost.
Made me think about old times
I thought it was high energy,music was good
It was a good commercial
It was a good ad ,it got the point across
It was kind of boring
It was cool captain hook
Good credit
They have good insurance
Good products
Good cars
I like that it provides protection from UV rays
"I've had progressive before in the past and they have great service"
"I think it's an okay delivery service just a little expensive"
Seems like a new good technology
It went a little fast but I know it was advertising a new technology
It’s cool to see the car, especially with all the tech built into it. I think people who are really into tech and want to feel luxurious may like this.
It’s got a bit of a slow start to it, so it’s not the most entertaining ad out there.
It feels magical and like you’re in Peter Pan.
It’s a nice, feel-good kind of ad with everything that was going on.
It’s relatable to a lot of people who wear glasses, so seeing this ad and what is being promoted makes me and a lot of people feel seen.
"I'm a fan of progressive insurance"
I dislike the advert
"I'm a fan of buick"
This is lame
This advert was boring
"Didn't like it"
"It's not something that relates to me"
"It's something I can see myself using"
Just a basic commercial
"It just doesn't apply to me"
That they are good
They are top notch
They are great
That they are good
"I think it's great"
"I'm know it's not in it's final form, but it's not funny and so negative. I don't like it."
I like it from the start. Nice city scape leading into shots of vehicles that I can see myself driving. I like the underlying music. I would consider Buck
"I would never use doordash to deliver alcohol. I use it for restaurants when I'm sick."
"I thought it was a for a Disney-like product, but got a bait and switch at the end. It's apparently for a phone app and I don't know what it did, just that it's aimed at kids."
"I'm interested in learning more about Shady Rays and its prices."
"It lost me after I seen the beer, because I don't like beer, but love football"
Replacement of a product is an interest to everyone, because I believe everyone has lost or broken their sunglasses
That Buick is back and stronger and better than it used to be.
I do not like progressive insurance, they made a bad deal for me
I still am unaware of what it was for, but the Captain Hook theme caught my eye
It’s about progressive insurance
About shade
About beer
The ad is fast
About the me model of Buick invision
It told me something new.
"The ad wasok but you didn't realize what is was about until the end."
The ad told me a lot about the product using visual effects.
The ad was good but the background could have been lighter and more inside features of the vehicles.
The ad was interesting because it was animated.
Has potential with a good actress.
Lots of brands together. Wondering if alcohol was the best choice to deliver
"Unbelievable promotion. I wouldn't trust my customers with it"
Typical car ad. Nothing interesting
I want to know more about the product, but nice ad
Very informative and stylish
Very accurate information and entertaining
Very informative and stylish
Very informative and accurate
Very informative and entertaining
Its too boring and basic
Very informative
Fun advertisment
Informative
It was very boring and not different from other commercials
Great insurance
Efficiency
Great car
i think it’s a very inviting advertisement
I like how you can get full coverage for the glasses
I like the screen layout in the car it’s very futuristic
I like that it involves a childhood movie
i like that it’s somewhat funny really catches my attention
It’s great for your family and savings
It was cool
I love the Buick add
It was ok
I love the add
Very good
"It's a good ad. I liked everything about it"
I liked it. Cool ad
Good ad.
Nice
Neutral
I like it
I like the shades
"It's okay"
I like the graphics
I like this ad having insurance is a good thing.
I like door dash I have used them past but I did not know that they  deliver beer.
I like the ad these are some nice vehicles to have.
I like this  ad but my kids have cash app and I monitor it after I add money their cards
I like the ad but I have prescription glasses so this is not really for me.
I think that the ad is innovative and modern.
I think that the ad is successful in highlighting a new product.
I think that the ad is great in depicting what the product is about.
I think that the ad showcases what the product is about well.
I think that the ad is a clever ad that describes its product well.
It was a good ad needed more information about the product it was for.
"I first thought it was an ad for alcohol . Later in the ad realizing that it was for door dash made it more appealing because I don't consume alcohol."
Good ad with lots of information about the product.
Good ad for Buick, i am not in the market for a vehicle and not a buick if I was. Nothing against them, just not my style.
Fun ad to showcase how sports are perceived in the nation. Beer being delivered is responsible.
Something financial for kids. I thought it was a Disney ad at first.
Typical progressive ad. Not a fan.
Good warranty on these glasses.
It was good. I like Buick
"It's OK"
It was ok
"Eh, it's ok"
Good ad
Good ad
Good ad  for Buick
Good af
Good ad
This ad is enjoyable to watch
The  ad does not appeal to me. I do not drink any type of alcohol beverages
I prefer people in this ad
This is a nice scenery ad to view
This is a boring ad
"That it used cartoons or AI generated characters because that's what's the world has come too."
I like that kids have their own money responsibilities
That Door Dash now allows you to order alcohol with them.
Buicks are advantaging the world. world.
The ad was very informational and sells the product well.
Free replacement if you lose your sunglasses
Switch to progressive insurance
Doordash delivers
Drive a buick
"It's a good ad that delivers a lot of information about the product."
It was cool
It was cool to watch
It was interesting
It was interesting
It was interesting
Progressives saves you money
That DoorDash delivers beer
That the glasses are protected regardless of how they get damaged
Them some neat glasses
Save money!
Greenligjt for family needs
Door dash anything anytime
Brick cars to drive
Ai cartoon to represent a story
Shady rays are durable
I like the ads and love the passive progressive line but I don’t relate to the it’s meeting scenario
I like the message and the way it is told with Peter Pan
I like the design and the large screen it looks different from what I think of a Buick
I don’t like the bro vibe
I like the perspective and I think it’s a good ad for multiple things
Character theme out of date
Expanding options is nice
Buick trying to stay up-to-date with competitors
Amazing they are willing to replace
God will not approve Rude, racist, insulting. Thinking reconsider switching insurance companies . If this is the new direction
The message behind the ad
"It didn't catch any attention so I don't know what the hell this ad was talking about"
Now I tell another progressive has progressive screenshots of snapshot
That these glasses have coverage slauson for damaged protection
I know it is green light and has to do with for your kids I think putting money into a debit card for me
"I've used or that's before and I will continue"
I like the message behind the ad
The glasses will be 100% covered
The message behind the ad
Self driving car
Progressive car insurance will cover you
A new product code helped children learn how to invest
DoorDash will deliver your beer to you at your party
The message behind the ad
The message behind the ad
Nice Buick ad
Cool ad
Funny
Cool ad
Informative
"I'm not a beer drinker, food delivery user, or a soccer fan so it was totally irrelevant to me."
It needs more work.
"I use prescription glasses so the commercial isn't relevant to me."
It was fun.
"It's a great ad and Rose my curiousity."
Short and sweet, focused on main goal
Funny, quirky, very comedic
Short and simple, highlights main features of the brand
Relatable and forward looking, planning for upcoming events
Great protection plan for a product many use
I like how they made it silly and interesting
I like it I use sunglasses and usually break them
I like the car
I love using DoorDash
I don’t like the ai
I wanted to learn more about Progressive insurance.
"I don't know how pirates relate to Greenlight cards."
Buick is making sleek new vehicles and I want one
"If I'm having a party, and only need 1 12 pack of beer delivered, I should use door dash"
"I didn't really pay much attention, as I determined early on I wouldn't need the product."
I spaced out it was boring
Kids don’t want that
Nothingggg
I honestly forget what this is for.
Doordash is your go to for delivery
That shady rays will help you against the sun
Progressive
Buick.
The advertisers wants us to know that this is a beer of choice for this summer especially with the world cup going on
I liked it
Green light is good
It was a good commercial
I liked the cars
I liked it
The advertiser wants us to associate the service that progressive provides with being able to take away the hassle of worrying about your car insurance and other insurance needs
The advertiser wants us to know that this brand of car is what we should consider luxury and if we want to splurge ourselves we should buy one of their cars
If you advertise it wants us to know that they can provide a wealth of knowledge to our children about finances and money
Nice car
Lovely
The advertiser wants to put us at peace of mind when it comes to losing a pair of sunglasses
Shady rays guarantee
Luxury Buick
Doordash can deliver beer
Green light
Progressive is a good automobile insurance company
It got my attention
Too much fairy tales
Love sports and people coming together furing sports. Parties and hugs.
Easy to understand.
Self driving car availability
Love having people of color. Different views.
Door Dash will bring the food and experience right to you.
Be more safe with the Greenlight safety app.
Buick is revolutionary and tooled to meet your vehicle needs.
"Don't be too passive with Progressive."
They want you to know that these glasses protect against breaking.
Animated ads are the worst of all!!!
Boring
Not for me
Very informative
Boring car ad
I like it
I like it
We like it
I like it
Made me motion sick from the viewpoint.
Was very clear cinenatically and in messaging
I like it
That mix are great cars
That she can drop in water still good
Michelob ultra is a great beer
The progressive is good insurance
It was neat seeing pirates and Peter pam
Its convenient w the world cup coming
Neat looking cars
It was a good ad
Door dash had you covered for big games
Progressive has low rates to safe you money
Buick is a luxury car brand
Shady rays sunglasses are covered even if you lose or break them
It needed more action
I think it needs more action
Very cool idea
I thought it was cool.
Needs more action
Progressive auto insurance is leading the way in car insurance
Fair
Door dash is amazing when it comes to delivery service
Shadyrays is good especially if you break the glasses
Great car company Buick
"I liked how it used the imagery of the pirate ship. It made you feel like you were going on a faraway voyage
 To another place."
I like Doordash and I use it regularly and of all the services they provide I found it disappointing that they used alcohol to advertise there company. Alcohol is so dangerous and addictive to so many people. I can tell you I wont be watching that ad again if I see it.
I thought it was cool that they will replace glasses if you loose them. Awesome.
I like the sound and the wording. As well as the look of the car and the inside of the car.
"I thought the ad was great. About showing the 2 different personalities because isn't that what we run into all the time. Different personalities that we have to deal with."
Very up and coming
Thought it was entertaining
It was different,
Done well
It was ok to the point
They want you to think that it’s the best car on the market
It was so boring. I don’t know
It was trying to make it look cool to order and get people wanting to order it
I’m not really sure what they were getting at.  But I guess that it’s a good pair of sun glasses?
I’m not really sure. Seems it was all over the place
Tried once, never again
Not sure what it’s for
Strange
Nice idea
Nice car
It was a good detailed ad
A typical car ad
"I wasn't sure what the ad was for"
An interesting ad
"The main character was trying to be clever and funny but wasn't"
"I love a Buick this commercial is done very expertly neatly and makes you feel as though you're buying the luxury brand"
"Never heard of this company but I'm definitely going to check them out imagine that company that replaces sunglasses if you lose them or break"
I have seen these type of progressive ads before they are cute they are funny but is that what you really need to sell insurance it seems like all insurance companies do
"I'm not sure what I just watched but it made me very curious I don't know what it is"
I have used doordash very familiar with the company
Great advertising, lifetime warranty is very valuable
Technology in the car looks so cool, never really considered buick before but i might now
I dont really see how the theme reflects the product
Boring. The passive progressive pun was funny but not that much
"I love doordash, i don't care about football. im sure it's great to associate doordash with the world cup, but i just don't care about that stuff. I like doordash regardless"
I didnt connect the the ad with the represented brand
I loved how it was first person, and it shows how efforts were put into this, and I like how everyone is celebrating making it more, homey, and makes it feel more realistic, to relate to
"I didnt like the reading at the beginning and the drawn characters.  I can't relate to it"
I loved how it showed kids, and how it cares about kids learning how to manage money, and it was very interesting and I would definitely watch it again
"I think it was very intriguing and interesting, it kept me in my bed watching interested, if I didn't know it was a ad, I wouldn't know"
I like how it showed cars, making me in more knowledge about what the ad is talking about, and its filmed away from the car, giving that clean, first person lool, I really liked it and I would watch it again
I like how it shows it sitting on top of a mountain, and going thru waves, I can really see myself watching it again and I really liked it
Pretty standard as car ads go, although the car looks really really good
Excellent  product and quality.
Excellent presentation and quality progress.
Very interesting and excellent  visual.
Great visuals and excellent work.
Great presentation and quality.
Greenlight is something i never geard about
I thought it was for beer. Surprised it was door dash
Good ad and great message
I do not like the passive progressive woman. She is annoying and mean
Boring
It had potential
I thought it was amazing
I really like the ad
I thought it was good
I thought it was interesting
door dash
Buick advertising
appealing high quality experience
progressive advertising
appealing high quality
That DoorDash delivers for the Super Bowl or while you watch your favorite sports.
The green light is the new best card to use for your money.
There’s a new car coming out from that car company.
That progressive is the best for saving on car insurance.
That their sunglasses are the best shades for the sun.
I don’t like beer but it was good as just needed them to invite him in or top
My eyes are sensitive so good ad
I need a car
It’s a very good ad gets your attention
It’s very luxurious
They video demonstrates how the brand works
"Everybody knows about Buick you don't need to keep wasting money on ads"
"It's pathetic using children in your advertisements."
Irritating as hell commercial. Who wants to see an ad with a bunch of people screaming over somebody kicking a ball back and forth
"Actor was cute but I don't care about sunglasses."
Roots did not even have that many black people
"I'm a little confused maybe some more background or explanation would help"
I like the pirate visuals
I think it could be a little shorter
I liked it I liked the celebration aspect
I think more of the interior should be shown
It was okay. If I wore sunglasses I would check it out.
It was okay and I could see this being a commercial during sports events.
It’s was good I am going to do more research on the ad.
I think it was good. I’m looking for a vehicle and I will definitely check this on out.
I think it was boring. It wasn’t funny, but I think that what the opposite of what the advertiser wants.
I think it’s a great branding technique
It was ok
Takes me back to vhildhood
I thought it was fantastic
That you can have anything frlibeted
Very cool ad and special effects
Cool ad with soccer theme.
A great ad and selling point
I like the animation and humor
Great looking vehicles and features
It was a funny ad
It was fast paced but not of interest to me
Interesting ad
Short and to the point
It was ok but not outstanding
"If it true the warranty that's offered is a great deal"
It was very futuristic
I think it was funny and will get customers attention
I have used green light in the past it worked well
Buicks have always had great vehicles
Progressives always been a good insurance
I hated it
"I didn't no it was door dash till the end"
I think the ad caught my eye using characters from Disney that I recognize to draw my attention
It was ok for a buick commercial
It was a good ad overall
I think the ad was very well done and it includes details that made the product worth buying
I think the ad included great musical aspects
I think this ad is a little too simple it need more uniqueness.
Greenwich debit card for kids helps them dream and save for the future
Highly protective shades that protect from the sunlight
Entertaining loud fun
Drive the safest car ever thr buick
Save money  with progressive insurance
Cars driving around town
Video wants you to take a cruise with them
Best insurance company
Looked like people at a social gathering enjoying themselves
Would like to try
I just looked so I catching luxurious Buick is I never would have considered that brand to be honest with you but after seeing this ad and seeing the inside oh I got to check it out
"Okay this is speaking my language every summer we go camping we go to the river we go tubing and the amount of sunglasses we have all lost is insane so this is awesome definitely I feel like it's so much worth it"
"I have always looked up to progressive it's one of the companies that I would like to maybe switch to in the future when it comes to"
"This was so nostalgic I really enjoyed this ad and I don't say that often this ad was really good it got the point across I understood what it was catered to and yeah it was nice"
"I am not a big beer fan and I'm not a fan of the ultra lights I'm sorry don't take what I feel personally I don't like beer in general but the whole feel of the ad the the community the getting together feel I love all of that it made me very happy I love seeing everybody getting together and celebrating things very nice"
It was whimsical and fun.
Enjoyed most of it but the movement from the POV of the delivery person is a little too much for some of it. I can see someone getting a headache or nauseous from it. As much as I like the product and the idea of the commercial, i probably would not watch if it came on multiple times in one sitting because of the motion
"I didn't understand the split scene decision. The picture of the glasses on the left distracted from the video and info on the right"
I was so annoyed with what the characters were saying that I mostly missed the products. Maybe it would be funny with real people but I was making a ewwww face the whole commercial and barely followed what the point even was
I liked it and the car but as someone who lives buth rural and city, it made it come off as only a city vehicle.
That Buick is introducing new car line
That progressive can give you the best rates
That these sunglasses will be replaced no matter what happens
That they can be delivered through door dash
The insurance company can relate to people from different places. To patronize their business for the benefits.
It is a clever use of the Pirate mantra. I like the illustration and action; really good special effects and sound.
"Buick is moving in a good direction. And it's a brand to trust for transportation needs."
You can save money switching to Progressive insurance
That kids can learn how to deal with finances
Door Dash can deliver during World Cup
You can get sunglass loss protection
Buick has many innovations to its line of vehicles
Good deal
Cool
Good service
Good
boring
it was boring
it was boring
boring
it was boring
Pretty good
Ok
Not so good
Not so good
Boring
That is brand of insurance offers low prices
That this ad is saying that this product has good deals
That this product last
That this ad is saying that it helps children learn money
That this company offers their quality on the vehicle
Like sure the music was fun but it just didn’t really seem to make me want to use this service
I think the ad was fine for the target audience. It shows the features the car has and that was nice
I found this ad very entertaining. It was humorous
I love the visuals, not sure about the product
I like the skit idea but it was not very entertaining
"I don't really care for self driving cars, to scary"
I like that the glasses are protected
I think it appeals to a younger audience
"The background scenes of sunglasses getting lost or destroyed we're fun to watch."
"It seemed like Progressive was just insulting people who didn't use their insurance, and that feels wrong to me."
"I don't know. I was confused and couldn't tell what was going on."
The ad was bland and felt uninspired.
The scenes were interesting, but did not seem to have anything to do with either doordash or Michelob beer.
The brand
"I did not like this ad personally because it didn't stand out or grab my attention at all. It was also boring."
It was cool
It was alright.
I liked it
Love Peter Pan
That Buick is a good luxury car
Green light a debit card for kids
I liked the humor
I thought this add was about beer first. Didn’t realize it was delivery
I liked when the words correlate with visual
"They are selling a car with high technology.  But ad is dark so can't see most of it well so it's distracting."
Switch to progressive for better coverage.
Let your kids use their product.
If you break or lose their glasses they will replace them.
They bring stuff to you.
It communicates clearly about the goals of the brand
I liked some of the visuals in the ad, especially the one with the ax and the one with the wave hitting the glasses. It made me want this product.
The ad was simple but it was amazing
It’s boring to watch
It made me really want the product. Some of the scenes were pretty aside from the desert scene. It made it look like a modern luxury car.
It makes DoorDash look like a way to have more fun watching soccer.
Some parts of the ad look a little bit cheap, but otherwise it’s a unique idea that fits the brand.
It was pretty funny, but it didn’t seem quite as funny as some of the other passive progressive ads. The passive aggressive jokes in the ad just weren’t quite as funny as ones in some similar advertisements.
It really took me a second to understand what this commercial was really for. Great visuals but a bit vague.
Best
Michelob is the best
"It's the best"
Best
Buick
They want you to like it
They want you to use their producr
They want you to know tfem
They want you to consider their brand
They want you to buy the producy
I liked it. Made it seem like kids have a chance to build credit.
I felt like they bashed the girl for not having insurance.
Green light
Doordash delivery for everything.
Free replacement glasses
Love DoorDash!!!
Nice to know they will be covered if they were lost.
I like the technology. Never knew Buick would up there game.
It was OK.
"I don't drink beer"
It was okay.
I love the scenic views
It was boring
Awesome visuals
I would love to try these glasses
Same old progressive ads. I enjoyed the passive/progressive
"I didn't like it. I'm more of a loner"
For some reason I liked this ad
I did not like it from the start
For some reason it got my attention. I wear glasses
Buick is a good brand if car
It was ok. It did make me laugh a little.
That the glasses are durable. They are good quality glasses
That if you forget something at the store uber can get it for you
It was OK
It was OK
It was OK
It was OK
It was
I like it.
I really enjoyed it
I love buick.
I thought it was great
I think it was bland
I like the animated used for this advertisement and the information provided
I like the visual scenes and the music
I like the message provided in the advertising, the visual scenes and the music
I like the music and the visuals scenes
I like the product and the visual scenes of the car inside and outside while running
Fun ad
Fun ad
Fun ad
Was a good ad
It was a good ad
It’s good
Good cars
Insurance is good
Cool sunglasses
It’s all good makes me want to order door dash
Very fast paced advert.
Great new product.
This ad went by way to fast.
The ad is hilarious.
Nice car!
It has a special
People still ride bikes it was interesting
Kind of boring
It was interesting
It was ok
I liked the visual as nd message of the ad.
The message was clear and concise.
The message was clear and concise.
The. Visuals were impressive.
The visual caught me attention. The message was clear and concise.
Good ad
Good ad
Great ad
Great ad
Ok ad
Nope
Nah
Nope
Okay
Funny humourous and informative
Very nostalgic and imaginative
Informative fun easy going
Felt inspired by the ad and the style of the vehicle
Surprise that sun glasses have coverage
Everything
DoorDash delivers anything even by bikes.
It didn’t appeal to me. I would skip it if it was on.
Buick has innovative cars that look and feel luxurious.
I was confused on what it was about until the end.
I don’t know. Progressive insurance is not passive aggressive maybe.
"What do I think about this ad is I'm not really interested in it"
Basically it was about Peter Pan and Captain Hook
This advertisement was about the Buick and asking people to purchase
"I don't really have any thoughts about it because it's for alcohol and I don't do alcohol even though doordash is the provider"
Was asking about some new shades or sunglasses cause shade rays
"Nice videos but doesn't really tell you much about what the whole deal is with the ad"
"Wasn't too bad"
"It's a great idea"
"I'm sure it was some kind of a joke on the passive-aggressive wording but that's about all I got out of it"
I have no thoughts on it
It is funny. The character of the “passive progressive” woman is funny and I enjoyed hearing what she was going to say next. I am guessing this sarcasm can be offensive to some.
I am not a fan of Buick but I like the af
It only told me one thing about Shady Rays. It was too short to understand more
I had no idea door dash delivered alcohol
It was quick moving and entertaining. It caught my attention and held my attention
It was fine but nothing special
It looks like it was ai generated and I will never support a company that does that
It was fine but nothing special
It was fine but nothing special
It was fine but nothing special
It was ok mostly focused on the beer because door dash was the last
Shady Rays Great Sunglasses Good Commercial
"I didn't care for it as it showed two people at a school meeting of some sort then somehow progressive insurance got thrown in there I thought it was kinda cheesy."
What is the ad about? All I seen was a phone a ship and the name Greenlight
Very well put ,nice soft music a nice Buick which the name has been around for years and the lady spoke very clearly.
That’s it’s a good product
The sunglasses
That you can get micholb ultra delivered by DoorDash
That Buick designs good looking cars
That progressive offer insurance
I like Buick
Its ok
Seems interesting
The ad was fun, michelob is not
I like pirates
I like buicks
Very creative
I enjoyed the add seeing the glasses in water undamaged
Very professional & informative
"I can relate I'm a parent I like deals"
"I wasn't very interested in the ad."
It was okay.  Nothing special.
Boring
OK
Eye catching
Nice
they have new cars out
it was cool
it was very cool
it was a cool ad
it’s just advertising
The characters made it known what it stands for
The ad was entertaining
The characters made it clear
Buick is coming out with different styles
The message was clear about insurance
Car fast
Door dash
Green light
Sunglasses
Progressive
Try a Buick you will not be sorry
Try this service for delivery
Try this product because it will be covered either way
Try Greenlight for money savings
Think of progressive for insurance
This is Buick now .a new look to the Buick
Great Door Dash ad for game day delivery
Greenligjt is at its best
If they get lost or broken it will be replaced
Progressive e is a great brand for insurance
It was fast paced and exciting.
The visuals were fantastic. They caught my attention
I love the pirates. The ad was fun and nostalgic.
The script didn’t catch my attention.
It just looked like a cheap influencer ad. Not a good production.
A little to fantastical
Unique action like body cam view
It was like many other vehicle ads
Snide commentary, gossipy, unkind.
The split screen made it confusing.  I didn’t know where to look
Cool but boring
That’s amazing
It was a nice ad
Nice
A awesome ad
None
Nothing
Order through door dash
To start off kids in a right direction of saving money
"To buy their new and improved 
Glasses"
Buy the car
Nothing
Nice
"It's telling you about insurance"
Good
I love it
Nice
Nice
"The cars now have tablets in the inside and it's also a hybrid car"
Progressive helps you save on car insurance
"You don't have to heavily monitor your children's money"
"They want you to know that it's quick and easy to get food delivered"
Durable sun glasses
Check out this new car
Meh
Nice ad
Not a drinker nor a fan of FIFA
Buicks are boring
Progressive is still too expensive
Just another car ad.
i like what the advertisr gives
i like the ad in itself
progreesive ad
i like the advertisment about it
i like th car ad
"Ok it could've been better"
Good ad the glasses look good
Good ad
I like car ads good ad
Good
Progressive is a very reliable service with alot of features
Its catchy
I use doordash and love the message
"Shady Ray's makes good sunglasses"
Its alright. Its funny
Its visually catchy
New service for people.
Delivers when needed.
The provide good rates and coverage.
All new Buick see the vehicles.
Will replace if broken.
Too fast
"Don't know what it is"
Boring
Boring
Buick has changed
Green light is a premium service
"Totally deceptive to me in that I was just admiring the family in cosplay and appeared so elated, then this urgency of obtaining this ""capital"" card in  thee event one wishes to live similarly.  It kind of disappointed me in a more personal note as I have no one to cosplay with.  Well. Moving forward  ...."
I think the item is innovative, cool to be wearing, outstanding, identifiable, all the ingredients for the young to be big.
"Awesome! This entity performs very well in my years of exposure to their products. The sleek lines of the interior as well as the exterior were sublime. I almost wished I  possessed a driver's license.  And of course the capital."
"Well, it definitely infers to one that if/when one procure this entities product, they'll feel a tad superior,  and unable to control themselves.  In a funny/barely funny manner."
"The ad had little to no effect on me as I am not a fan of whatever was depicted added to a brand of beverage (ULTRA Light, I believe?) that in my opinion tastes watered down to blah. 
Juss sayin."
Buick car brand vehicles
Progressive is covering insurance
It was calming and inspiring. I enjoyed the background music and the sound of the woman’s voice.
It was about greenlighy
Hungary
How to save money
It was funny and light hearted
Different shades
Passive aggressive.
Predatory.
"It's an innovative company."
Combination of several brands.
Modern features.
I liked this😀
I liked this ad
I liked thisad
I liked this ad
I liked this as
I thought the ad was just ok. It was quick, simple, non-flashy and to the point. I liked their message.
"I thought it was like any other car ad. There wasn't anything that pulled me into the ad."
It was a nice little ad that provided joy and a clear message. It was a little confusing at first. I thought the ad for a beer company.
I did not care for it. I think the play on the word linking to the brand is boring.
"I was confused by it. I don't know what they were trying to sell. Also, I am not a fan of Peter Pan so that turned me off completely."
I liked the imagery it made me feel it was a refined brand.
It was a little distracting as to the imagery and the brand so it took me a while to understand the message that was tryingnto be conveyed.
I thought it was inspiring g and made me want to be part of the action. It was thrilling and fun. It showed how an item made it from door to door and how everyone was happy and having fun.
I think it is a good deal that this brand is mentioning especially since with sunglasses I tend to misplace and forget where I placed them.
I think the dialogue was a bit too much. The comments were a bit too mean. So in that way it missed the mark.
Great ad for car but boring voiceover
Not sure the ad was boring
Progressive is a geeat and reliable insurance company
Im not sure this ad was boring
How these sunglasses are covered with shadyrays
The ad was simple but to the point.  They described their product and the warranty is basically comes with when you buy their product.  Simple
"It's just boring to me."
"I love the concept of Peter Pan with this product. It's perfect for this ad"
Great ad for the FIFA world cup.  Unity is everything and we really need it right now
I love these cars!  And this company has always been very innovative but yet still have a classy look about it.
The financial literacy is so much necessary
The DoorDash is for every little occasion
The multipurpose shades
Progressive you will ever need
The new Buick car
None of the adds tell you about any of the products
The add tells me nothing about the sunglasses
Pointless
There was no point to the add
Worthless, it tells me nothing about the vehicle.
Love these beautiful Buicks!
Kind of dumb, like most Progressive ads.
Looks great!
Unique ad, cute.
Old people like beer too, not just young people.
It was a very nice car
It was a good  video
Making better commercials
It seemed light hearted and welcoming
Showing a new brand to help with glasses
It is good for things when you need it quickly.
Good visual concept of what happens in the court room
lol I enjoy the sarcasm and jokes
Great way to portray alcohol being sold on doordash. Alcohol delivery
Greay marketing strategy for alcohol sales on doordash
Neverland can be an arms reach away with a savings and budgeting app
Grwat attention to detail
It was fine credit card
Doordash ad very standard
It was fine
Itvwas a car commercial
Decent glasses can be bought and durable
"I didn't really know what it is for"
Although I am not a Michaelobe Ultra fan I do use DoorDash.
Fun. Exciting
It was nice
Interesting
Kind if snarky
Shady ray makes sustainable eyewear
Buick is luxury
Something about progressive but I’m not sure what honestly.
It doesn’t show the brand enough
I didn’t know they delivered alcohol
I was informing
Humorous
Disappointed
Humorous at first
Nothing
Good ad
What the brand offers
What they offer
What they offer
What the brand offers
What the brand offers
Save with them.
"It's cool."
Self driving is cool.
I really only remember the scenes from Hook and the flying mini van. Special effects were cool
"It's a good ad. No drinking and driving when your booze is delivered!"
"It's a good  ad. Straight and to the point."
The cars look cool but the ad in whole, pretty boring and generic.
All I can think is that lady sure is a bitch
The ad was fun and entertaining.
"That's incredible"
I liked that very clever
"That was one of the better commercials I've seen advertised"
That was relatable and funny
Informative
Hooks parents by using Peter Pan/Hook characters
The brand is innovative and sustainable
I learned something new
Great ad glasses look cool
Great fun ad
New cars look good
Funny ad I like it
Buick makes very duriable vehicles
I really appreciate and love that company.
Very cool add with good product.
Very slick and cool ad.
Very entertaining ad that teaches a lot.
The ad was very interesting
Very nice
Very nice
It was good
Had it before
It was very nice
Greenlight is the #1 family finance app
Switch to progressive for savings
Doordash is the official sponsor of FIFA
Shady rays are inspiring
Great deals at buick
It was entertaining
It was good very visual
Good
It’s too pushy, boring
It was pretty funny
Bro i forgot the whole think
It was informative
It was rather nice the visuals were great
At first I thought it was an ultra ad
Shady rays has indestructible glasses.
The car is a nice car to get.
Door dash delivers goods.
It mentioned green lights as a banking company to teach the youth how to manage money.
Progressive helps customers save money on insurance.
I love how useful this brand is when people don’t have an vehicle
I think the glasses are decent
I love the car
It was okay
I think it was helpful
Describes service
Really good , positive towards products features and benefits
Really good , catch my attention
Progressive does n ot have good ads , they are always discriminate or bothering someone
Really good
Hilarious! I love all progressive commercials they always make me laugh
I work for door dash it was a bit confusing
Too dhort
"It's too short but very simplistic in nature"
Cool concept
Great ad
It was an ok ad
Not sure I am confused what it was for
Good ad and pretty cars
Good thinking ad
Insurance
Protection for the glasses
Luxury
Give kids finance experience
Delivery beer
I like it, it’s simple but informative.
It was cool I like the background of the ad
Definitely found the ad informative
Definitely found the ad informative and nice looking background
Definitely found the ad informative and welcoming
Definitely found the ad to be informative a cool background and entertaining
I like it, it’s simple but informative , I like how it showed different cars without being all dramatic, the transition between cars was smooth.
Great
I like it, I like how it’s based on the door dash’s guy point of view. Makes me feel like it’s me.
I always love Progressive ads, they’re funny and informative at the same time.
Great
It’s great
Great
Great
I love how they used Peter Pan! Looks like it could be the original Peter Pan movie with Robin Williams. Made me feel nostalgic.
A fairly informative yet entertaining car commercial.
A bit skeptical as I lose sun glasses all the time. Be curious to read the fine print.
"What happened to Flo? Seriously can't pay for actors."
"At first I was not thrilled with beer brand then add that to doordash and it's a mess. HOWEVER,  I like that it somewhat promotes people to not drink and drive."
"Don't care for those types of credit cards."
Average
Bland
Bored
Generic
Not funny
It was punchy and I liked the take on the progressive passive punchline
The visuals of the glasses being broken and dropped in water were good; however, moving back and forth between the video of the man and visual took away the component of actually grasping how durable the glasses might be.
It felt exciting and brought you into the moments each person was experiencing
I like the idea of tying in a well known movie “Peter pan”. This makes it more memorable
I like the switch between each car at different times of the day
That door dash is easy and convenient
It was boring
It was a bit boring
It was an informative ad
It was entertaining
I like the ad
I like the ad
Ok ad
It was a nice ad
It was ok
These new meta premium trendy sunglasses are very durable
Progressive has products for all types of drivers
That buick might be an old company they have a new premium designed car on the marketb
That green light debit card for kids is adventurous like pirates of the cart
I love the door dash product
"It is good at helping you understand what makes this brand different from it's competitors"
"I don't drink this beer or use this service"
"I enjoy this brands ads but don't find them to be particular useful or informational"
"I'm not quite sure I understand the theme"
"It's a fairly common car ad"
It made me feel excited
I like the ad. Most of my family use this brand of glasses
I like the ad but it is frustrating when you have people that are the nay sayers
It made me want to purchase the vehicle in the ad
Greenlight seems to be a good way for young adults to save money
A pretty dull ad from Progressive
Pretty dull and boring ad with dumb pirates
Good sunglasses ad
I don’t use DoorDash
Buick is a very nice vehicle
Good
Good
Good
"It's good"
Good
Great shades for everyone
That Buick has the cars that go
Great insurance for everyone
That ultra has crisp cool taste
That it is easy to manage finances
It’s fine but I wear glasses and can’t see if I just wear sunglasses so I’d never buy them
It didn’t really show much to explain what it was about
It was awful. Just showed how rude people can be and doesn’t encourage me to use their insurance
It was kind of annoying with all the yelling
It was fine but I can’t afford to buy one
awesome
like it
so cute
exciting
very cool. to the point
Hated it!
"The ad did not impress me at all. A woman walking around eavesdropping on other people's conversations and making sarcastic/snide remarks doesn't encourage me to switch to Progressive."
It was cute but only because peter pan has special meaning to my family
Looked just like any other car commercial
Not a fan
I really like the product
I really like the brand and occasionally use it
I like the visuals
The ad was very uncanny and looks like it was made by Ai
The brand is really popular these days
I enjoyed the Disney / hook vibes.  It moved so quickly
I’m not a beer drinker so I’m not really the target audience.  I do like the World Cup and team USA, though.
Didn’t do it for me
It was kind of boring, but I get it.  Buick is trying to go for a sleeker rep
I did not catch the company name: maybe that needs to be more visible
It was ridiculous
It was ok
It was mostly boring and I stimulating
Interestung
It was very intriguing
I think it’s saying to use it
It’s fun
It’s really good and smart
It’s to grab my attention to buy
To learn about progressive
If you lose or break your glasses, they will be replaced
I was kind of bored, but also neutral
I don’t like beer I can’t relate to this commercial, but I suppose I like the fact that people who aren’t drinking aren’t going out to buy more alcohol but having it delivered
You can save money
Something about not having to grow up
Interesting.  They must be very expensive if you can constantly replace them.
None
None
No
"Buick isn't what it used to be ""NOW!""."
Like the way he used everything for his ad
I thought  it was for an adventure park. (Imagine my disappointment)
Car was good
Like the cars
To many people
Was way good
I was curious about this add.
The product looks great for the viewers eyes.
It never caught my attention, it’s not eye catching.
I like how the glasses protect itself.
This ad was boring and bad.
I liked the ad and the message about the products.
The ad was ok but hard to tell what was being advertised.
I liked the ad and what was advertised.
The ad was ok.
The ad was ok but I found it hard to follow.
I think it’s stupid.
I think it’s an appropriate and professional add to make about a product.
"It's cool I love it"
I didn’t like how the woman was going up to people who were talking to each other and was being passive oggresive toward them.
I like it was Peter Pan themed.
I thought it was cool, appropriate, and very professional for the company.
I like it.
I like it.
It is boring.
It is slow and monotone.
I like it.
Liked the visual example of the product and design
Always unique promotion of product
Makes you want to learn more
Great promo for product and upcoming event
Makes one curious to explore  options
I thought it made sense I have the problem of breaking mine or loosing them some where
They have good products
They have good cards
They have great beer
I like the look
They have good cars
I like the ad
I like the look of the cars but wouldn’t consider buying one
It was very confusing
It’s just ok
It’s interesting but literally doesn’t do a good job of explaining what it is
I can remember the brand
Good vision
I was a little confused in the beginning but then understood she was being passive aggressive.
Apply for a credit car
I like the point of view perspective and the energy the music brought.
I think it’s an intriguing proposal to offer. I wish there was more details about the terms and conditions.
I thought it was well executed but nothing special.
I thought it was a wells done ad and it made me feel a little nostalgic.
The advertiser is letting us know about their banking app they have available.
The advertiser wants us to think about how simple it is to order and have products delivered. It’s shown by how busy the customers are when the dasher arrives.
The advertiser wants me to know that they’re selling high quality, durable glasses that can survive adventure and the outdoors.
The advertiser is letting us know about their new vehicles that they have on sale.
The advertiser wants the viewer to know about the insurance offered and the website to check rates. It’s such a badly executed commercial.
I liked how it was in the dashers point of view. Seeing the other people cheering in the ad gave the video a sense of community. Good ad overall.
This ad was boring. The visuals were lame and there was nothing to grab my attention.
I like the concept of this ad. I think it will be good once they film it.
I liked the theme of the ad. It reminded me of a movie and made me feel nostalgic.
I liked the visuals in the ad, and the voiceover was a soothing experience.
Thought it was for Disney theme park
I like the idea
Great product guarantee
Buick is making a comeback
Door dash delivers beer?
Ok ad for a terrible product/service
Never heard of it but having to buy mandatory insurance in the cost of the product makes me never want to buy it.
Not apply to me
Dull car brand
The worst insurance company on the planet. Only idiots would use them.
"Nice looking vehicle! Its been a while since I've actually looked at a buick"
Its kind of funny. Informative,  but funny
"There's a credit card to teach your kids about finances"
Informative.  I didnt know you could doordash alcohol
Wow! A company that insures sunglasses.
I’m speechless
Interesting
Interesting
Interesting
It is very good and interesting
Nice quick and to the point, no fluff
The ad keeps attention with the rapid changes in scenery. The product is featured for the right occasion, sends a message of, whatever it takes we got you.
Another prepaid card although the peter own scene was nice.
"It's boring, doesn't grab attention looks like EVERY other car commercial"
Progressive commercials are always a hit
It was funny so caught my attention
I frequently use DoorDash so I pay attention for deals. Or it will make me want to order DoorDash
It shows what would be important to me
Is valuable on its own. Ad itself was ok
Isn’t something I’m interested in
It’s my favorite delivery company
It’s my favorite card company
It’s my favorite brand
It’s my favorite sunglasses brand
It’s my favorite insurance company
This is about car insurance about the brand and discount
This ad expresses what the quality of the brand and the sharp look of the glasses
This about how efficient door dash in deliveries
This is an Ad that gets your attention of the brand car and its features
The ad went to fast and all this characters threw you away from the ad. At first thought they were about treasure but in the end it was about a credit card. Couldn’t see what brand was the credit card
It’s an adventure.
The add was really confusing and I was thinking that it was for beer. Not doordash
They can replace any part u break
Progressive can save you money
Buick. A car that has all
I did not like the guy. Seems like a typical salesman
The advert is about Progressive Insurance and how easy and reliable they are.
That they are selling a car or suv
That you can be covered with progressive insurance
I think the advert is about getting luxury cars at an affordable , yet technology right .
The advert is about DoorDash and how they deliver to your doorstep effectively and immediately.
ShadyRay makes glasses that are very strong and are resisted to fall damage, water damage etc.
I do think that the advert is about making the right choice for my kids in terms of adventure.
That they had one of the best sunglasses for eye shade
To show how convenient door dash is to get something delivered when needed
Indifferent
Indifferent
Indifferent
Just another sunglasses brand
Indifferent
It’s a good ad that follows through on a sequence of events to boot sales
A clear and concise ad about high-quality sunglasses presented intelligently
Beautiful vistas and clean lines made the car look beautiful
Progressive insurance
Greenlight avail for kids too
Michelo ultra
"It's shady rays"
Buick
I dont have a strong opinion on it
Nothing
It was an ok ad
I dont have any stromg opinions
I did not understand the ad
The ad did nothing for me
It told me something new
I can not relate to this ad
It was a boring ad.
Great job with the product but not the brand
This did not get the brand across
This was stupid and pitiful ... waste of time
This is great but sounds to good to be beneficial to the company
Great ad grabs your attention but the brand should be displayed earlier in the ad and more often
Nice sunglasses
I like this beer brand
Love the vehicle
Progressive
Like the ship
Very odd unique art style
"I really wasn't paying attention, not a fan of american cars"
Cool ad will probably get lots of play
"I didn't remember anything.Everything went by too quickly"
"I don't like it.I had a bad experience with doordash"
Not much. I’m personally sick of insurance ads.
Nostalgic with the children in the video but not interested.
It was interesting to watch. Got my attention because there was a lot of movement.
Looks like Buick is trying to update their cars and make them appealing.
Surprised that the sunglasses will be replaced no matter what happens to them.
"I don't care about that"
I liked it
I liked the visuals
I liked it especially the visuals
I liked it
Ultra beer has a great taste
I like how it’s built differently from other cars the design caught my attention
I didn’t like it at all
Green light. Cards for kids.  Love Peter Pan references
DoorDash. It was good.  DoorDash is there have ya need something
Shadyrays.  I like that it’s covered and protected lost or broken
Buick looks very nice the commercial is put together well
Progressive don’t be over progressive
I like the comedic part of the woman.
I think it was funny and I like the peter pan aspect of it
I think it was very heart warming and kind.
I like the visuals and the angles of the cars.
I thought it was very well edited and showed their product well.
It was a unique first person view of a delivery
"It's a new funny spin for insurance"
"It's nice to see new technology in Buick"
I liked the laid-back approach using the peterpan always a kid reference
Gives more confidence in durability
That progressive can save you money
Buick is built different
DoorDash delivers anything
I did like the message from the ad it was clear and concise the way that they said shady rays at first was hard to understand it’s a Good thing, the name came on the screen
It was confusing. What was it for? I mean the name of the app or company was so small it’s very hard to read and I saw that maybe it was for a Disney cruise or some sort of kid thing
It was good And it showed DoorDash delivering to a party for FIFA and that people were rooting for the USA
I thought It was funny, and I like the way that they had to play on the words, passive aggressive to progressive aggressive
Buick
I didn’t like the ad
It was good at keeping my attention
Great ad that told good information
It told good information
It was good at convincing me of how helpful this company is
It was a bad commercial with bad modeling.
Easily replaceable sungl.
"I don't really care about FIFA"
Liked the visuals of Peter Pan.
New car with new technology.
I didn’t really learn anything about the card or what it offers but I like the movie, Hook!
I love that you can have alcohol delivered and can very much relate to this ad!
I really liked the style of the sunglasses shown!
It was actually really annoying! The passive lady got on my nerves and turned me off from wanting to know more.
I’m usually not a big fan of Buicks and think it’s more of an old person car but the commercial did a nice job of showing off the car and the beautiful, high-tech interior.
This ad was mid and not very creative
I like the message and creativity of this ad
This ad was creative and cool
The ad was very nice and cool
The ad was very informative and cool and creative
Interesting amd wants me to look into their products and pticing
Nothing of interest. I am  not using g these services. If I need something I go mlm out and get ot.
No G idea who they r or what they do.
Useless and meaningless
No feeling at all. Buick.is A brand and I have no experience with the brand and do not even think there is a dealer near me.
Good coverage in a few words
Not enough coverage of sponsor
Typical Progressive ad. Little meat.
Spectacular scenery
Good use of cars.
Was interesting and informative
Was interesting and informative
Was eye catching
Was interesting and goid ro watch
Was interesting and informative
It was a good ad for sun glasses that come with a warranty.
It was fine for a car commercial. Could try to make it stand out a little better from other car commercials.
It was a pretty good ad. For a card for kids to learn how to manage their money.
It was a good ad for insurance.
It was a good add for the delivery service.
It was a different ad but it was a good one
You can save with Progressive
"It was a good ad it was different  then the other ads I'm using to different  ones"
"It was a cool ad cause I didn't see that ad before"
Very nostalgic
Interesting to find out more
You can get beer on doordash
It was eye catching
Great ad!
Good ad
Too negative
Nice but more for younger people
Surprised to learn about replacement
I liked the ad.  Makes Buick look more modern
What is Greenlight?  Don’t know what the product is
I liked the ad it was already explained  what it was for
I was confused at first what product your advertising
Need to know more about performance of the Buick
It was very boring not at all a catch
"Didn't get my attention until the end. Didn't know whatnot was advertising"
It was right to the point and it described its best features for sunglasses
Buick is new
Progressive is affordable
Shadyrays has broken protection
I thought the visuals and scenes were well done.
Green light provides financial services for all ages
Great ads
Buick is very power quality performance vehicle.
Door dash us a really good delivery service
Passive progressive is a very good insurance to help people.
Use green light to discover the world.
To order door dash
To buy a new Buick car
I like how resilient the glasses are
I liked the ad
It’s a great insurance company
It as cool. I didn’t know they had a lifetime warranty.
It was a great ad about Buick. The sub was nice.
The characters were funny.
I don’t like it and I don’t like beer.
It was just okay.
It was a good ad n u new what the ad was for
Your glasses will be placed for free if broken for any reason
Progressive can save you a lot of money
The Buick is nice looking.
You can let your imagination run wild with greenlight
Doordash can get you any good item
I really love the design on those sunglasses and I got to say that scene with the sunglasses in the wave was really beautiful.
I feel like it borderline sexist towards males especially sense the ad was mostly girls which I don’t mind but it going to kill ur company I used to love u guys progressive.
I really love how u start it off with beer being pickup at first through I didn’t realize it was for door dash until he got to the register I thought it was for the beer
I really love the pirate scene and how the ship flew through the sky
I really love the background scenes and when u did a close up on the dashboard that look like the most advanced dashboard I ever seen and I want it
"I dont like beer so it didn't leave an impression on me."
It seemed lie a decent product but nothing that I would need or purchase.
Buick is updated and has current designs.
Greenlight is good for teaching kids about monetary responsibility.
Progressive has good insurance.
Good
Liked it
Interesting
Nostalgic
It was good
It was very good
"It's interesting"
Fun
"It's boring"
I felt like it touched on exactly what the company stands on
Makes me want to buy some now since u can get warrenty
It was fun and made me wana get some doordash!
It was very informative in a fun way
"I've had Buick and I loved that car"
This add was boring. There are better ways to show how frustrating it is to lose your glasses then a preppy man talking about it
"Tjat Buick provides luxury in all
Vehicles not just high end expensive ones"
The people were stereo types and the ad was boring and the characters were described and protested as passive aggressive and sort of argumentative. Annoying commercial
Helping ur kids take fligjt with proper financial moves
Not sure it was too busy and the camera aperspective made me ill
Progressive
Doordash
Greenlight
Buick
"It wasn't clear"
Theydeliver
Im not sure
It was not clear
They save money
Boring and a bit confusing
Boring and not memorable
It was beautiful but boring
Boring and not inspiring
I like the cartoon style
Boring
It was pretty high tech
Boring
"It's new for me."
It was very effective in showing how Buick is moving forward with technology in their vehicles.
At first, it looked like a wager app. I was confused when it showed Peter Pan scenes and then mentioned kids before it showed the company logo. I had a bad opinion of the commercial from the get go because I was expecting it to be for a wager app or website due to the first scene.
It was very upbeat. Shows how the DoorDash process works for the most part, although not completely. The music was energizing and it caught my attention enough to be remembered.
Describing how the product is covered no matter what in the ad really matters when looking to purchase quality products such as this.
It seemed a bit snarky to me. I didn’t like how the “passive progressive” lady acted. It seemed very rude, in my opinion. There are better ways of stating the point of which you can save money by switching car insurance than this.
Not much really
Its just okay.
Its just okay.
The ad was very entertaining
The ad was very informative
The ad was very informative
The ad was very informative
The ad was very entertaining
It was clever using the Debbie Downer to sell the product. Kept my attention.
The ad kept your attention and sells the product cleverly.
Nice ad by Buick, putting their new SUV out there, looking innovative and sharp.
Clever combination pairing Michelob Ultra with Door Dash. Very informative
The ad was very informative, upbeat, energetic, sold the product well. Quality ad
it was talking about the brand of insurance
it was talking about the brand micolob beer with door dash
it was talking about the brand progressive insurance
it was talking about the brand of buick
it was talking about the brand greenlight
It shows people ordering beer from door dash.  I am not a fan because I am not sure we should encourage drinking with out planning ahead or over drinking.
The message is about over priced cheap sun glasses.
The add is poking fun at a negative  personality trait and the name of their own company.  It is meant to be funny, and to some i am sure it will be.  I deal woth to many people like that on a regular basis to find much humor in something that may p I polarized that behavior.
It seemed like a typical car, commercial ad cars driving fast a couple shots of the features at the car
Viad featured references to peter pan and never neverland while also including green light financial products, which helps kids learn how to use credit and manage their money responsibly.
That green light is innovated
That a delivery company can deliver Micholob ultra
That these sunglasses can do more than protect the sun
Progressive has many different options
Don’t remember
This is very appealing
It is appealing
It is very appealing
It is very appealing
It is fun to watch
Ok
Bad
No sense
Great
Ok
Progressive
Shady
Cars
Door Dash
Green light
It was boring, and just like every other commercial.
Love it! I would buy a pair.
I think it needs more information instead of character scenes.
"I don't think people are going to take it seriously when cartoons are bashing each other."
It was boring and just like all the other ones.
Buy our products
"It's a great car to drive"
Get their insurance
Have a good drink for the celebration
You can get ahead with green light
Have insurance on lost sunglasses
Get the insurance
Get a kia vehicle
I have no comment.
Boring and slow
No comment
"It wasn't clear what it was for until the end."
It was visually pleasing and I like that it was clear what was being advertised.
It was good, nice length. Obviously about sunglasses.  It was hard to totally understand what he was saying part of the time.
I thought it was slow moving, boring and hard to pay attention to.  It seemed very outdated.
"I still don't know what it was for."
Durable sunglasses
Bank with them
Get the card
Buy the merch
Very much information.
"How are all those people at that home gonna manage on that one little vox of beer?
How stupid."
Buy the product
Check it out
No idea
You can buy beer through door dash
Its a buick
Shadyrays will replace the glasses no matter what
I loved it. Between the characters and the scenery super on point
I loved everything about this commercials
"I didn't like the characters look or idea of a commercial"
"I didn't quite understand iy"
It made Ultra a lot more liked that im considering getting some.
I like the visuals of the ad.
I like the sarcasm in the ad.
It was a little confusing because I originally thought it was for Disney.
I love this product and the sports theme.
I loved the visuals and the message of the ad.
"Hmm it's a"
"I don't know"
Get what you need
Get protection
Get insurance
It is boring and like every other ad
I like it,  I wanna try it
I like it
It was creative
"It's ok I guess"
Was a good ad
Was a good ad
Was an ok ad
Was a good ad
Was an informative ad
It was informative and cool
It was different, but i dont trust it
It was nice to see and watch
"I didn't like it really and was not interested"
It was new for me and will use
Sunglasses with durability
Debit cards for kids
Progressive
That door dash delivers beer
Buick suv
Very good and positive feedback ad
Very good and positive
Very good and positive
Very good point poster
Very good and positive
The shades are cool as hell and very marketable
It was accurate and helpful
It was a alright commercial had me confused at the beginning
It was very interesting and helpful
"It was interesting and helpful cause I learned something I didn't know."
Ghhcd
Fdkjxejj
Hugfe
Ghfrdd
I like that ot was a car ad
It caught my attention but I not sure what the ad was trying to sell.
I like the beer and the party theme.
The ad was boring and drawn out.
It shows that the glasses can not get broken.
I liked it a lot
I liked it
I liked it
It was great the sunglasses are awesome
I liked it a lot
Funny, passive progressive.
I was intrigued
It was okay, nothing memorable to me at least
It was interesting
It was nothing remarkable
Too heavily using AI
I didn’t like it because it used ai generated videos which shows laziness and lack of care.
It showed the products effectiveness and made me interested
"Poorly done. Some others might think it's a good ad."
Flash scenes and color going
I can tell you it was for Buick
It was supposed to make me feel like Peter Pan never grow up
There were three different possible advertisers, I think
They will be replaced if lost or broken
II thought the ad was stupid
"I think it's funny and gave good information"
"I think it's a good ad"
I like the ad
"I think it's a good ad"
Good ad
I product in the ad seems unique.
Car
Money
Money
Delivery
Sunglasses
The message in the ad says a lot about the brand.
The ad fits the brand.
I think the product in this ad looks new and innovative and it attracts.
The ad sounds promising about the product or company
DoorDash , fast delivery
Loss or broken prevention.
Buick a car
Switch to progressive.
That kids can start accounts young.
Ai sucks
Not very interesting
It sucked
Pretty boring
Not very interesting
Get Doordash when you watch the game
Shady rays are a great sunglasses
I like the car and would use it everyday
I like it a lot and relate alot to the message
"It's good to use feelgreen"
Great ad
Great ad
Great brand
Great ad
DoorDash is available when u don’t have other alternatives
Progressive is progressing
About the importance of the product
Get glasses and dhades
Card for children
It was simple and kind of boring
I don’t think it gave much insight into what they were offering it kinda just showed what it was
It was kinda rude in my opinion and I felt like it was offensive I didn’t like it
I love the vibe it gives off however I think it was moving a bit too fast
It had no excitement it was very boring but it got straight to the points
The best thing about this ad was the acting and the visuals it really grabbed my attention and it attracts younger viewers who would use green light
Unique idea of using the ray bans or fp camera for an ad!
"It's a nice ad in itself, but not im not the target demographic"
Such a great way to get my attention!
"It's funny and for the lols"
"The sunglasses look cool, and it's a good way to show it's durability."
"It was a ad for that that included three companies included the soccer game that's about to come up FIFA it included ultra beer and it included doordash"
"I love those commercials because they be hating so hard on progressive and I don't understand why they can't get progressive themselves"
This head is about Peter Pan and the Lost boys
I love this because as a person that uses a lot of sunglasses I have lost them I have broken so many over the years that it has literally cost me a couple of thousand by now
That is a new type of Buick I still remember my auntie had a Buick but she had like the four-door you know the grandma looking car
Interested
It was fast and not to the point. I dont know what 5he product is
New to me
I l8ked it i new it was buick
Product. I love it. My brand
What is ShadyRays?
Boring auto ad.
What is Greenlight?
What are they doing?
Mmm beer time!
They have some of the worst sunglasses designs I have seen.
It was boring and unoriginal. I would skip it every time.
They have some many ads just like this that it made no difference.
"It is just like every other vehicle ad. I don't like the features shown in it."
"It was very boring, and unrelated to the services offered. I can't even remember the name of the company."
Funny
Its not for me
Curious about it
Nice looking car
Dint know what its for
Door dash can deliver your party needs
It was visually appealing
It was very boring
Glasses that are broken can be replaced
Greenlight is a good brand for kids
"It was boring but I also don't like futbol"
Whatever happens to these sunglasses you are covered
"It is funny because people are like that I'm real life lol"
It was just another car commercial
Just a regular ad
The car and to get it
To know people Will always be there for you even the most difficult situations
To gamble and to lose and win most likely win
The sunglasses are really good in use and they won’t break and they are the best glasses
A nice car
Green light card for your kids
Fast door dash delivery with the app
Progressive
A ad for buick
A ad for progressive
A ad for Micaleob ultra
A ad for shady rays
A ad for greenlight
I think give information that people should know
It was kind of interesting
I thought it was funny
I thought the has showed me something new about Buick
Very exciting and informative
"It's funny. I like the play on words, passive Progressive. I was amused by most of the main character's lines, but the ""never seen her speechless by before"" line was cliched."
"It's kind of stunning with vibrant colors -- very sleek. The music and visual if the various cars driving down the road are soothing and relaxing."
"I wish we knew sooner in the commercial what the product is. It's a nice looking ad, but I wasn't sure of the point until the last few second."
"I didn't really care for the first-person camera angle. Something about it was just off. I think it only works when the character is an animal or something. Also, I'm so tired of seeing FIFA being used in promotions."
"It's a pretty basic, no-frills ad, and that's fine given the message. It promises something new -- a warranty for glasses -- that stands on its own."
"It's very interesting."
"Don't understand"
Just another car Ad
Very interesting Ad
"I think it's strange.."
"It was interesting. I like Buick's and have owned a couple of them"
It was pretty good but not nothing really special
I found it rather boring. Not enough action or anything to really get your attention
It was interesting. I never knew that they had insurance on sunglasses
I liked the pirate theme. Caught my attention
Buick is trying get better
Ultra and world cup
Shadyrays are the best
Greenlight credit
Progressive is coverage for all
App
Beer
Insurance
Glasses
Great vehicle
"It's a good way to sell cars"
"I'm supposed to not too sure because I don't understand what any of that had to do with car insurance"
It wasn’t very interesting and easily forgettable
I loved the unique first person perspective, it really caught my attention.
Sunglass
To use doordash
Promotion n for a bank card
It was boring
It was catchy
It was bad
I like the message
"It's Catchy"
I learned something
Does not apply to my situation
Namebrand. Reliable Manufacturer. In t resting to see where so much is Leaning toward Total SUV market
Made me curious to see more & interpretations intent
Always Open to Consideration
No opinion
Boring
"I don't drink beer, so it was irrelevant"
Not impressed
Not impressed, would change channel
Beneficial to have especially for your kids
How you can benefit by having their coverage on almost every level
No matter what you need, they have your back
Great to have for all types of activities
They improved the quality of their cars that makes you want them because of how well it drives.. And if we purchase it, we won’t be disappointed..
I like it
I like
I love
I like it, would buy.
nice product
They warranty glasses
If you don’t have progressive insurance people will be jealous
Buick is a great car
Drinking alcohol is fun
A credit card that can do anythung
Passive Aggressive is a turn off. I just changed to progressive be cause of price.
The glasses protection perfect.
I thought it was beer commercial until the end.
Direct simple quality. Good ad.
Confused do not no the product
"I think its a good ad. It showcases the companies' new line of automobiles. It piques interest in people that are looking to buy their next vehicle to consider Buick's new line up."
I think this ad is pretty creative. I thought it was an ad for beer. It turns out to be doordash. Great twist, and great innovative ad. By using beer and sports, Door dash is reminding everyone that watches sports, Hey we can deliver whatever you need, and we also love sports too. Great ad!
I think its a great ad. I can relate to it because there are numerous times i lost or broke my glasses. There is no other sunglasses company that would do for you what this company promises to do. That is regardless of how your glasses was lost or damaged, they got you covered. Thats an awesome policy
It doesnt relate to me, but visuals, the animation, the music, and the happiness of the actors caught my attention.
I think this ad is a very creative and hilarious way to sell car insurance
It was good
It was a good ad
It was good
I liked the information
I liked this ad
Delivery service apps offer convenience for consumers.
The sunglass brand offers class.
Teens can have money products for convenience.
Vehicle brands offer electric performance.
Insurance industry offers protection for many different kinds.
Not really sure about it. Was almost like we were watching the ad before it was actually made, lol. It was weird.
It was informative and I liked what he said. I would like to know how much they are and if they can be prescription.
I liked it. Captured my attention from start to finish and I liked that it was almost like we were the dasher.
"Loved it and I'm almost likely to trade in my Chevrolet for a Buick. Been thinking about it for awhile."
It was really good. I liked it and the scenes in the ad. All around great work.
it could help anyone in need
I the ad was very informative.
I thought the ad was very interesting because it showed the perspective of a Doordash deliverer.
I the ad interesting.
I thought the ad was pretty informative.
I was pretty interested in what was shown in the ad.
Green light is good for kids
It was entertaining because of the way it was produced
Shady Rays are high quality sunglasses
It caught my attention
DoorDash is a sponsor of the FIFA World Cup
Shadyrays has robust glasses
Progressive saves you money
Greenlight helps you manage finance
Buick has good autonomous vehicles
Doordash is the official partner of FIFA
Too negative
Its ok
It is too short needs more specific information
Its ok..
No comment
you need it if you need better vision
I feel like this isn’t important to me because i wouldn’t drink it
I am interested in replaceable sunglasses because I do frequently lose them. I currently own shady rays for this reason. One pair broke outside of the 2 year window.
The first person POV was interesting. Feels like META social glasses. Looks like I could relate. Am I the delivery person? Why am I doing a beer run for someone else? Who checks ID? Why didn’t they show the bag again at the end.
I was surprised when she took her hands off the wheel to show the auto driving feature.  The dash board looked sleek. Sound of voiceover was nice.
PTA meeting is boring and I don’t want to be there or watch the uncomfortable awkward interactions
Feels nostalgic like the HOOK movie not just Peter Pan. Liked the voice over and the idea of not having to grow up.
It was good
DoorDash is a great way for delivery
thought it was great for Progressive
Green light is a great way to make a call
Shady Ray has great glasses
i think it is amazing and more people should want to try
"I liked it. It was short and to the point with it's message."
Great ad and well made, but the product is of no interest to me.
"It's boring to me.  I don't really care about sports so I tuned it out."
It was funny as well as informative. I think it will do well.
"To me it's just another generic car ad. Nothing special."
I saw Captain Hook and Peter Pan. It also showed a credit card.
It showed people drinking and watching Fifa
It shows durable sunglasses.
"It showed a debate of who's getting nominated."
It showed a suv driving through mountains.
Use real actors.
I’d need to know more
No one wants American cars. Or American anything. Its shameful.
FIFA is good for North America. But America shouldn’t be a host.
I don’t know what this does.
Id wear them
It caught my eye and attention
Great
"The ad wasn't good"
Amazing
Great music, fast moving but easy to watch, high energy.
"Could have shown the glasses a bit more but it portrayed the message that they're tough, well built."
"Not sure the idea really flies, if it was going for funny it wasn't. But it was informative."
Good angles of the vehicle, set in a high end scene creates the feeling of luxury.
"Love the Peter pan scene but it doesn't make me think of phones."
Nothing
Door Dash
Nothing
It was informative
"It's entertaining"
I liked it
I like the ad
Very informative
It was good and fun to watch
It was nice but I think it’s too simple
It was fun to watch
Their new glasses for shades
It’s their new car model
It was just another car advertisement
Interesting to see and hear about
"I don't like glamourizing alcohol"
Passive Progressive is a stupid concept.
I love looking at all of the visuals,  the pirate ship, the lost boys and Captain  Hook .  It takes  me  back  to  childhood.
The dramatic  visuals  made the video more interesting.
"I like Progressive's new passive progressive ad gimmick."
I have  always  liked Buicks , they are  well-made.
I love  the design  of  the  sunglasses and knowing  that  they are waterproof,  too.
It was not very clear
Door-dash is available for every occasion
DoorDash is very handy
It was funny
It was entertaining
It’s very helpful
I’m not a driver and don’t really like any car ads.
Ive never seen ot before but it caught my attention
It seemed a basic car ad
It was a pretty boring ad
"It's pretty cool and shows doordash really good."
I really like it. Progressive is great.
I really ain’t get much out of it but that it supports you and your child’s future through green light
I get the fact of enjoy it while relaxing but I’m just not a beer fan but for the door dash end !! Excellent
It was great showing the example and the image of the design
Helping those who are striving for a better life
I like cars so I support
"I dont really like progressive I'll leave it at that sorry"
Gooood ad i like doordash commercials they are always interesting and attention grabbing
Shady rays. Never heard of them til now but man they are stylish glasses
I understood it was a car commercial but it did go by too fast for me to catch the make or brand.
"Cool visuals but I was confused from the start not really that I didn't like it just didn't know how it all pertains to the product"
Stylish car
Good Insurance company
Fun times with Heineken
Good way to save money
Stylish sunglasses
Long tile since I viewed a building k commercial.  This one is calming
Passive Peogressive is a different way to push a message
Have no idea what this message was
I cant imagine replaceable sun glasses
I use neither product but a great commercial
Your average car commercial. Nothing too special. The interior of the car was nice
Really cute! I loved how the kids took over the ship and then it was flown into outer space
"It definitely caught my attention that's for sure. At first I couldn't tell if the lady that walked over was being sarcastic or just had a weird personality. I didn't realize she was being sarcastic until she was up on the stage"
"It was ok. Just your average ad. Nothing special. Wasn't great. Wasn't terrible"
Its just a nice simple ad. Nothing special about it. Just your normal ad. I did like that people seemed to be enjoying themselves
Looks like a good product but brand unclear until buick at the end
Like the message and coverage but curious of the fine print
Like the comedic sarcasm take
The premise of the ad and purpose of the product are unclear
Confused if it was for michelob iltra or doordash until very end
i don’t like it much
I like it
I like the ads
this add is not much appealing
i like it
Inspirational
Strong sunglasses
About insurance
A luxury car
I love it a lot
I loved it
I enjoyed it
It was really interesting
It was nice
Es increíble
Es llamativo
El  anuncio es increíble transmite esa sensación de quieres probar la cerveza ultra
Es muy bonito
Es un anuncio con cualidades importante y sobresalientes
I thought it was a good ad for sunglasses because so many people lose them and break and you have to replace them
"BuickI think it shows how Buick is keeping up with the technology
And how they have really nice vehicles"
think it was really good visual scenes and it got your attention
I thought the ad was funny and that and that it got your attention it was a good plan, words with the passive, aggressive and progressive.
"I think it was a good ad that shows  that you can have someone else pick up your product and bring it to you especially especially when you’re not able to do it yourself
Like when you are in the middle of a party"
with door dash you can get what you want when you run out of a product
buy a buick
"don't worry about losing your sun glasses"
you can have an adventure
progressive
"Shady Ray's covers their shades totally."
They have a greenlight debit card for kids.
"Don't be passive Progressive."
Door dash delivers alcohol now
Buick has upgraded.
Easy to understand
I don’t know if you have to show pirates for kids to save
I like the idea of having extras built in orice
I was confused with the outcome
Confused if the ad was for ultra or doorfash
Progressive insurance is a ripoff!
The add is creative but I wear prescription glasses and have no need for sun glasses
I hate alcohol and will never drink that crap!
I can’t buy a new car and have no money.
I can’t get credit and make low pay.
Technology is important and comfortable in modern cars
It a good ad, it explains the benefits from the product
It was a little confusing understanding the meaning of this ad
Great company
Great product
Good product
Great product
Great car
progressive is a great advertisement and company to use.
It was a great advertisement on saving money for your family.
it was a great advertisement on the sunglasses.
the advertisement is great for the commercial.
buick is a great company and great advertisement.
that they got thr best coverage
that it provide best food
that they have best glasses
that they provide best vehicle
that provide best card
I like it show the variety of sunglasses
The enthusiasm
I love the humor in the ad
"That was a great ad showing multiple models of the vehicle's Buick has to offer"
I like the pirate theme
That is the worst progressive ad I have seen in my 21 years of life.
It was really boring
It was boring
Love the pirates
It had cats in it I guess
The ad was very good
The ad showed a nicecar
The ad was very good I got my attention
The ad seemed to catch my attention and I would look forward to testing out the ad in the future
I love Buick , they have come a long way .
The ad was good,  deal dash delivered some beer to some collage guys watching a game and on the way to there destination showed people cheering and being responsible
"I think it's great the ad the sun glasses. All the way Great"
Great speaks of banking. No spastic company...
Well progressive insurance is pretty cool and they have lots of ways to save money
Might be a good product.
I hate insurance to begin with but it was kinda funny.
It was alright I guess.
Buick is not my preferred car company.
"Doesn't apply to me."
I like cars
It was confusing
I absolutely love beer
I like glasses
It looked fun
They deliver
You can save money
They are covered for lose or broken
El anuncio es muy aburrido,no me gustaría verlo de nuevo, además no se quién es el personaje del anuncio,no conozco a ese actor y no me gusta como actúa
El anuncio me pareció atractivo Pero fue demasiado rápido
Este anuncio es una basura,detesto este anuncio,ese tipo de personajes en estilo caricatura es sumamente malo ,no me gusta ni el estilo de dibujo,ni la sonoridad,nada
El anuncio me pareció rápido y dinámico,los personajes son muy agradables ,no me molestaría verlo de nuevo
El anuncio es muy entretenido y dinámico,los personajes son agradables y siento que están en sintonía con la cultura latina
It sounds like a good deal
I love seeing people celebrating when their team wins at the FIFA world cup
"I don't find it appealing there are better ways to be funny"
The graphics for this ad were amazing
That car look sleek
Unsure
Not sure about it
Liked it
Liked it
Don’t know
The ad was good at showing how innovative the brand is.
"I didn't care for some of the derogatory tone in the ad."
The ad was just okay.
The message of the ad was good but it went by really fast.
The ad did a good job at showing that alcohol could be purchased and delivered via doordash.
Awesome product
Cool look
Cool look
Great idea
bold look
The ad was very interesting.
"I don't  have an opinion on this ad"
I never heard of this company.
The ad shows how people  react to the beer.
"This ad doesn't interest me."
Found it crazy that you would order a small amount of beer instead of picking it up ahead of time.
Interesting, concept
Eye catching with the visuals
"It didn't say what they were doing different."
Thought it was dull .
I like the pirates in the ad.
Very good experience
High quality
I like how he explained you can replace the glasses.
I like the ad. I like how it shows automated driving.
Good ad
Good ad
Good ad
Good ad
Love passive progressive commercials
Attractive looking vehicles
Not as clever as the usual Progressive commercials
Impressive they it covers all kinds of issues with glasses
Appealing scenes
Shows DoorDash as a helpful service
Cool viduals
Man talked weird
Pretty scenario
Seems rude
Poor quality
"It was ok.it was nice but it didn't stand out like some ads."
"Yes I liked it i didn't know they made sun glasses that could be unbreakable."
It was exciting .I really liked it.
It was a little funny.that was good.
"It didn't seemed to have fault my eye so much."
I didn’t like the passive aggressive approach.
It was interesting
It held my attention
Nice color cars
It was confusing
It was pretty good
Made me think of doordash
I like the shades
It was ok
I really liked it
I think it was cool.
Very good value
I think they are cool
I think everyone seemed happy
"It's boring"
I think the AD has nice Buicks
Greenlight can help you build your portfolio
Michelob ultra can be delivered through doordash
No matter what happens to your glasses if they’re from shady rays, they are protected.
Buick is a trusted and reliable brand
I think this would be a very useful progressive ad
Progressive insurance
Very good experience
Door dash ultra
About card save you money
Having new shade for your eye
"I didn't understand what I was watching"
I like door dash
The good coverage progressive offers
Very good experience
I like it showed the car
Unbreakable sunglasses
I felt it looked like every other car ad
I think it did decent at relaying michelob could be bought on doordash
Strong replacement guarantee
I liked the imaginative feel
I think it’s a clever use of company name, but annoying and boring..
Typical car ad
Boring
Just okay
I hate these passive progressive ads
Nothing special
I loved how it displayed the car and details and the variety of colors of cars and the scenery was appealing
It was very detailed and let possible customers know the quality and worth.  The video caught my attention right away and I wanted to watch it through
I love door dash. The video was a happy exciting video and heart kept me engaged
"It just wasn't my type of advertisement.  It was like a bad movie scene"
"It was like watching a movie . I didn't know if it was an add for a phone . At the end I noticed it was for some type of card"
Door dash can deliver most anything.
Great news on replacements.
"I didn't know what the ad was for until about 3 seconds until the end. Very confusing."
Buick is tops in technology.
"I don't understand if the main lady liked this insurance or not. What was her purpose?"
Build
Doordash
Protection
Innovative
Lower rate
I like the ad and find it entertaining
That they have a good warranty
I like that the ad is cool and funny
That the vehicle is new and cool
"That progressive helps it's customers"
I liked the visual scenes of the car/suv
I have seen similar dry humor Progressive imsurance commercials and this is not as good.. not as funny.
At first i wasnt sure what i was seeing.  Then the doordash bag made me realize the driver was picking up a beer order and delivering it to a sports viewing event at a house
Ive never heard of the sunglasses and how they are insured .  The demonstration of all that can go wrong was very good
The characters really stood out and got my attention.  I paid attention even though i dont have kids
Nothing
It’s nice
Buick has great new cars with great features.
It is great if you have children.
Great insurance.
It is great for those that wear sunglasses.
I like having my beer delivered.
I didn’t not like the ad. Much to negative for me
Doordash for your deliveries
I liked the ad
Informative ad
I didnt understand the ad
I think its good reminds me i can order alcohol to my door step
Never seen of heard of thisnbrandn
Its a insurancencommercial
Its a nice peter pan concept commercial
Beautiful way of showing car inside
"I don't like the animation"
I want that car now
I liked it very much
I love it
Moving vehicles and people
"Don't have a clue"
Looks like fun people having some beer
Progressive has cheap rates
Abouy
How durable their shades are
Buick has a new and improved look
DoorDash is convenient
Great ad
Great ad
Great ad
Greenlight i got my daughter one already
Doordash
The car self drive
Progressive give good rates
The glasses not breakablr
It was okay. I paid attention when the glsses were hit with the axe.
It caught my attention, but not for the product. Great visuals though!
It was upbeat and happy.
It was atypical car ad. Did nothing to make me want the vehicle.
"I prefer the other Progressive ads. This one has a negative side i don't care for."
It really shows what it means
Look cool
Cool ad
"Could've add more detail"
I love it
Boring.
Funny.
Great feature description.
Interesting
Great ad supporting product warranty.
Cool ad
Cool ad
I liked everything
I liked this add
I liked everything
I liked everything
I liked everything
It’s ok I like the glasses
It was a good add very persuasive.
It was informative
I like that they had the m&ms acting the scenes .
It’s about insurance
i like the glasses
i like the colors and the scenery of the ad
i think it was nice how they included futball
the car looked nice
i like progressive
It was good, engaging, and caught + kept my attention throughout the ad.
Funny
It’s was a awesome ad for a awesome company
Cool shades
Progressive
Buick
Credit card
I feel about the ad that it is cool with the characters and it made me feel suprised.
The ad made me feel nostalgic and it was really cool.
I feel about the ad it wad really cool and it also made me inspired.
"I thought about the ad after I watched it and I didn't really like it."
I feel about the ad that it is really cool and it made me curios.
Good ad
Good ad
Good ad
Excellent ad
Good ad
Even animations are checking boxes now for State Street vanguard and Black Rock unbelievable
Boring
Fun and playful
Fun pirate connection
Easy to follow
I like the add I’ve broke. My glasses.  Seems like a good product
I thought the ads had good humor it made me laugh
It’s a great add it caught my attention and sold product perfectly
I liked that it was short and I learned new brand
I don’t see Buick commercial often so it caught my eye
Seems neat yea.
"It's alright yea."
Seems useful yea.
Seems neat yea.
Seems useful yea.
Shady rays
Nothing
Nothing
Michelob ultra
Seems played out watched one similar in past no longer relevant
Great way to get sttention
Ok ar not bad
Still unsure whst tge ad was about
Hate the association of alcohol with a sport especially brand name alcohol
Simple car add
"It's more simple than they were before"
Relatable
"It's simple and straight to the point"
"It's ai and ai is shit"
Quality sun glasses
Luxuries you don’t have to wait for
Get rewarded for safe driving
Let your kids take flight
Deliveries for football games
I think the ads pretty dragged out, I don’t really know much about progressive.
I use DoorDash, and the ad had a very common vibe to it.
I mostly enjoyed the visuals, and the cuts to different cars. I also liked the screen it looked cool.
It was fun to look at.
I don’t really remember. I liked the ax chopping the glasses.
I love Michelob ultra
I love sunglasses
I like the ad
I love the ad I have a car
It’s cool when I have kids
Finish developing the ad please.
Sunglasses with insurance sounds too good to be true.
I dont know. It was weird.
Shes a buick
Peter pan never became a man and captain hook aint no crook.
Shiny Ray sunglasses come with a guaranteed loss and breakdown protection. That’s really good guarantee
greenlightgreenlight.com can help you
Don’t be passive, progressive, and get progressive insurance and save yourself
Pure SUVs come with all the luxury features that you want
Nothing
It was outdoorsy, I liked the examples of damage or loss of product while guaranteeing you will always get a replacement product
The ad was a fun twist on promoting people switch to progressive, the humor made it stand out
The ad was fun and energetic, it shows easily accessible product, happy consumers and an over all happy time
It was fun and child oriented, providing information as well as pleasant visuals.
It’s was clean with straight forward imagery of the vehicles, as well as showing luxury equipment
Eye catching, but it’s alcohol and yucky
Bland
It’s AI slop
It’s very bland, not eye catching
It wasn’t very memorable
"It was either for beer or for doordash I'm not quite sure."
I learned about a product that I never heard of before
"I think it was trying to be humorous but I cannot stand that character the progressive Flow lady I don't think she's funny. The main character is patronizing and is just somewhat annoying to be quite honest."
"That life is busy and that we can break things sometimes things aren't made the best. So rest is short that if you purchase this product and spend money on it that it's backed by almost what sounds like a lifetime warranty no matter what."
I think it was for financial pools virtually to help your or help guide your minor children with financial Independence and responsibility.
"That they are leaders and the technology of cars being computers and safety and all of that. That they're innovators and their field."
It was not very interesting
I wasn’t really impressed with the ad.
Order doordash on game day
Covered protection for rayban
Buick has innovative technology in every detail.
Let your kids take flight with greenlight.
"Progressive is here for you even when it's aggressive."
It wasn’t very memorable
Great ad
Then Progressive is a good product with good discounts
is a good card for kids
"The door dash part was fine but I don't drink so I really didn't care"
Buick is new and improved and is a good car
Great ad
Looks cool
It was interesting but too much
Boring
They save you money on insurance
Doordash can bring you beer during the big game
Your glasses are protected
They help you grown up
They are luxury vehicles
Progressive provides really impressive insurance discounts.
Greenlight has debit cards for kids.
ShadyRays offers full protection for breaking your eyewear.
Buick has uptodate cars.
Doordash delivers alcohol
Cool
Was informative
I thought the buik add was great with the cars.
Though the add was fun and informative
Thought the add was filmed very well.
Thought the add was very informative
I couldn’t tell was the commercial about the durability of the glasses or the quality idk
I think it was some unnecessary parts that take away from door dash but it was good you ended saying door dash to remind the viewers
I think it’s too much talk with not enough promoting of the brand
I like the commercial visuals but I like the family savings part the most but you should include the name of the brand at least one more time through out the advertisement
I think the ad wasn’t too much of nothing it said Buick and showed a quick scene for it so it was brilliant
Visual and message are very clear and nice!
Would consider switching to progressive!
Nice visual and learn about a new banking!
Didn’t know about the car until now, very interesting AD and car brand!
Makes me want to DoorDash convenience items!
Not sure
Progressive insurance is a good company
Shasta’s are a good brand with a great warranty
Michalob ultra is a popular brand
Always entertaining and informative Progressive ads.
Cool Disney like cartoon ad.
Visually attractive ad.
Cool ad fir a good brand.
Cool and eye catching.
It was pretty good
This at was good foreal
It was very informational
It was cool
It was okay
"It brought back memories of my childhood. But I don't have kids so it didn't apply to me."
"As a person who doesn't wear sunglasses this ad wasn't for me. But I can see the appeal for people who do wear them."
I liked the ad
I liked the ad
Hey
I don’t know
I don’t know
I don’t know
I don’t know
It was boring
I liked the ad
Seems interesting
Cool
Seems grea5
Seems interesting to me
Not to interesting
I like the ad and it gets me ready for the world cup
None
None
None
None
None
I want a bmw
Somme kind of phone service
Baddie
Nothing id buy
"Didn't get it"
That car looks amazing
It’s very good advertising
I liked the scenes along with the narration. It is a nice ad.
Boring asf
That shit ass
They bring food to your house
I like it
I like it
I like it
I like it
I like it
I liked the ad a lot. It was from the viewpoint of the doordash delivery person. It is unique.
"It's exciting..."
I have never heard of this product before but these sunglasses are interesting.
This ad is very clever. I liked it because it is different.
I like everything
I like everything about this
I like everything about this
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
Loan
"It's a beer commercial."
"I think it's great"
It was cool
It was cool
Door dash can be deliver anytime anytime including Michelob beer
That there product is for everyone and has something to suit everyone
Buick has quality safe affordable vehicles
The new upgrades to the vehicle
None
None
None
None
None
None
Https
Nope
B
B3ert
By
Good ad overall
It was interesting to view
It was very impressive
It was visually impressive
I loved it
None
I loved it
I loved it
I loved it
I loved it
It was great
Knew to where but learning. Definitely like the app
Awesome
It was great
It was a nice and easy survey with not alone of hassle
"I think it showed a fresh take on where Buick is at with their car designs I had a 93 Buick regal and I quite enjoyed it the new ones look sleek modern and I didn't know it was Buick at first I'm impressed"
Well I overall disagree with the idea of children getting into banking I find the Peter Pan theme to be whimsical and engaging for both adults and children and a good topic starter for conversation of finance
Your glass can be safe
Safe money
I hateAds
It’s ok
Its ok
All is good
It’s ok
I don’t think nothing I hate ads
Visuals were good
Nice car and visuals
Very funny and humorous
Nothing much just interesting
The ad is so nice
Its was amazing
so nice
Super
The product is good
Unsure
Cool
Like
"It's different"
Irandiffrent
"It's different"
I love it
"It's different"
Nothing much
Fun
It was amazing
Thought it was clear and made a statement
Eh to much ai.
Its just perfect.
I like it just explain Whats inside the car and it would be a+
drink this type of. beer
None
Bjjj
I liked it the ships and the sailors seem pretty cool.  The character made the commercial
N/A
Bbhyy
Cvvv
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
It was good
"Well it's a targeted ad to children and going into debt..."
i liked the use of passive progressive it made me laugh
I like DoorDash
I liked it.
I like greenlight
Very convenient and very helpful
I like everything about this idea and so much more for now.
I love everything about this idea and so much more for now.
I would love everything about this idea and so much more for now.
Better choice and great details and good ideas
Great
I don’t know
Beautiful
Interesting ad.
Informative ad.  Learned something new
Good and informative ad.
Informative ad.
It was a good ad
N/a
I like the Imagery.
This beer is good.
N/a
Car is good
The ad talking about a specific brand product
Talking about a particular brand product of shade
I think the ad is good and I liked the settinf
I like the bright colors and the movement. Made it more interesting
It was a good ad
It was a good ad
It was a good ad
It was explaining the services that the company provides
It was explaining the company and how good quality the sunglasses are
I like the brand and the tone of the commercial
I dont know
It was a good ad
Very informative
"Something I don't want"
Thought it was about the beer until the end
"Don't like brand"
Sunglasses with a warranty if broken
ShadyRays seems really good.
The advertiser wants me to know
yes aboht it
yes alot
The advertiser wants
yes alot
Doordash always delivers on point
I really liked the name of the product
I think the concept is good buying insurance for your glasses or actuallyI think the concept is good buying insurance for your glasses or actually comes with it but you’re paying for it whether you want it or  give you another set of glasses.
At first, it was OK then it turns out real quickly when I saw it they actually were doing delivering alcoholic beverages to people who probably didn’t need anymore
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Good quality graphics
Good
It was a good way to showcase the vehicles. Made Buick look more appealing
It was a good ad. Showing your product & then the coverage for the glasses was great
It’s a good ad and a great time to show it
Horrible ad. It is just the same stuff repackaged and it sucked
It was good it shows the accessions people go and buy drinks
It was great
I liked it
It was logical
It was interesting
I lik d it
It’s very creative and it’s also very detail. Gives you information about the service.
I actually really liked this ad, It’s not bad at all.
Its original
Its original
It was okay nothing special
I am a fan of the product
Nothing
How you should spend your time with friends
They want you to buy their great quality sunglasses
How reliable that their car is.
How you should purchase a respectable and boundaries respect person
They want us to be smart with our money and invest so we can understand and learn about money
T h e ad was great
"Its okay if you do door dash. I don't do door dash"
"Bring that i have no kids. I didn't think nothing of the ad"
"Its a car ad.  Wo don't like car ads. It was good"
Nothing a all
It was cool
It good
Not good
It okay
No good
Progressive was my first ever insurance. They were a decent insurance agency. But not interested in getting because I owe them alot of money from the past. Didnt owe that much but over time they added bunch of interest onto it if I ever wanted get it again.
To get car insurance
To go and buy their car
To get their credit card
At first I thought it was misleading. Thought it was promoting the alcoholic beverage in beginning.but then realized it was for door dash which is even better than beer.
I wasn’t very interested.
It was kind of all over the place
I like it
I like it
I like it
I like it
I like it
I was thinking about it and thought it was a nice idea
Thought it might make a good pair sunglasses
Made me a little thirsty today
Maybe I should get some insurance information
Thinking about the video and I think it was good
Not interested. I doubt they r that durable. Kinda like any other type of glasses.
The great thing is only
It’s great
Yes
Yes
Yea I think
Nice visuals, clear audio and great deal.
Great humor with a good message.
Could be better like i think you should go a more comical route instead of so serious and boring.
I like it!
Had no idea beer could be door dashed
It was funny !
The opening should get the buyers attention
I liked it
8 liked it
I liked it
i didn’t fully catch the punchline ; very confusing .
Curious about these sunglasses
Learning more about sunglasses
Progressive ca n sav we money
Use door dadh and eat good
It was good
The m and m was great
Cool ad
Cool ad
It was just ok
Shadyrays is an interesting name
What should I eat for lunch tomorrow .,
"It's a Buick"
Green light is an interesting name
I do not drink beer so it did not catch my attention
Idk
Idk
Idk
Idk
Idk
"I'm not sure what the advertiser wants me to know."
Dumb
Its a dumb commerciL
MAKES KIDS LEARN AND HAVE FUN
"Confused I didn't know doordash could doordash alcohol"
Makes it to easy to receive Alcohol.
That you can have discounts
Descriptive of sunglasses called shady rays
It can feel like an adventure
Driving the new buick is luxury
"I don't need glasses it was pointless"
It was very boring and I am a black person living in the trenches u think I would be allowed to walk around with the police looking ass glasses do better on these surveys
Ad is for anyone who need to further there education
Boring ver boring
It it relatable in delivering for a game night/ day.. an the energy giving out is the excitement everyone has.. to base it on a good moment creates the memory to use product an services
It spoke educational.. put not interesting
I liked it very much. It was entertaining.
I found the whole situation slightly annoying and off-putting, it just seemed random having little to do with the thing being advertised.
I liked the montage toward the end of the dofferent colored.Buicks.That was cute.
Progressive has done it again.
It waa boring.Needwd aomeone less loud presenting.His voice and style of speaking waa grating.
You can order alcohol with doordash.
"It'a childish but I get it bc the product is something a kid could use."
I love the ad to promote the car brand!
I think it was very visual! And got the message out there.
Its peaceful to see, I made me think the car gives you a really smooth ride, which I love it.
"I love the idea of seeing the brand right from the beginning but at the end of the add I realized the add is from a different brand. That's why I scored confused"
"Too aggressive... Well, I guess it goes with the the brand which it's ok but not my style."
It was quick and a little overwhelming
Good ad about sun glasses.
Buick is a great car brand!
Michelob and Door dash
Progressive is a great brand.
Greenlight. Great ad!
I highly enjoy that ad
I enjoy it
I really enjoyed the ad. It’s very appI really enjoy the ad. It’s very appealing and I want to buy it.
I highly recommend it
II like that it’s very attractive
It was fun and exciting.
Overall the ad had a positive vibe, which carried on to me.
It got my attention, due to the tone of the ad...it had a seriousness to it that intrigued me.
The ad was boring...i had no interest at all.
It was okay
It wasn’t eye catching
It was great
It was cool
"I didn't like it at all. Nothing at all I stood out or got my attention."
I thought this ad was great it kept my attention through out the whole ad and the product I liked the sunglasses and the warranty and replacement of the product sold me for shore I want a pair.
No real response
I liked ad .  I liked being repair if broken.
I did not get much out of it .  It came on the screen and was gone.  Do not know what it was advertising
None
None
None
None
None
i like the beer but i was waiting for doordash driver to get invited inside would of been funny
Nothing
Nothing
Issue is sis sis is qi will
Itjesehebc, wake queue haha
interesting
interesting
interesting
interesting
interesting
Great ad
Great ad
Great ad
Great ad
Great ad
It was boring
I think they do a great job another insurance policies.
I think Buick is a very durable brand of vehicles.
I think this ad was very informative.
I think this brand is always on time and very reliable.
Disdain ads
Disdain ads
Disdain ads
Disdain ads
Disdain ads
Theirjdnrn this
I enjoyed thisbads
Nsieie djdirjr jdidjrnr
I like this ad lll
Neiejejrjr rjdifjrnrkdkr r. Fururjd
"That's awesome the shades are covered if lost, etc , I am definitely interested now"
Enjoyed the animation and script. Good one.
I don’t like it
It was cool
It was a cool add aboot cars to inspire someone that haves money to get a car most people are booked can’t afford
It was cool
Siiejsnebxit r fjcktnejsixv
nothing
nothing
not sure
nothing
"it's new"
Everyone enjoys this beer
They have many new vehicles
The ad is very straightforward and gains the audience attention in the detail of the background and I also enjoy the women speaking since it created a relaxing and professional tone.
The ad is very relatable since the world cup is a global event and soccer is a popular sport I grew up watching soccer and I feel at home.
Nothing
Nothing
Nothing
Nothing
Nothing
It was a good ad nice and calming and pretty scenes.
Progressive te protegen siempre
Me gustan los lentes que brindan protección
Me gustó la calidad x elas imágenes
DoorDash patrocinador oficial del mundial
Green life me llama la atención
great
excellent
great
great
inspired
No
No
No
No
No
I think the ad was amazing love the scene in the ad it was perfect for the product
Nothing specific comes to mind
Nothing specific comes to mind
Nothing specific comes to mind
Nothing specific comes to mind
Nothing specific comes to mind
I love it and hopes it dose well
I loved it so much
There product is consider the best
I think it was funny and cute
I think it was amazing and smart
Very clean and graphic makes the watcher feel like they are up close and personal
Fun
Upbeat and relatable
It was okay
It was terrible
I like the glasses
Confused what its about
"I don't know"
"I don't know"
"I don't know"
"I don't know"
"I don't know"
I love taking that progressive
The message is in the music
To keep it 100 and live life to the fullest
100 101 Dal
"You better buy progressive and don't get caught without it"
I thought it was funny with the passive progressive pun
I didn’t like the bullying.
It was really cool seeing other glasses get broken. I do wish they were the actual glasses and seen if they would withstand all the damage.
It was a good add.
"I didn't care for it."
I like the music that is calm and also the way that show the car
I think about the ad that was very fast ando don’t are very eye catching for me
I like the characters that the ad have
The advertiser wants the viewers to feel like they are in touch with reality and with everyday activities such as dropping your kids off at school. And to let you know you can save money with their services.
Alcohol is absolutely disgusting and nasty
Idgaf
Idgaf
Michelin ultra
It was fine. Not bad and it caught my attention
It was fine
It was a very interesting ads.
Greenlight
Progressive Insurance
Buick
ShadyRays
I think its an online bank. They want you to know about their services.
That youll look good in their product.
That you can get good insurance coverage through them.
That you can buy or lease a Buick
Great
Great
Great
Great
Great
Seems innovative
Replaceable sunglasses!
The brand is good for kids
Michelob ultra and DoorDash are sponsors for FIFA
Progressive is a good deal for insurance
The progressive commercials are all the same
Good for driving and fit for me
"It's a card that you can have"
You can use this service
Insurance in your car
It hit as a great deal with replacement glaces included.
It was exciting promotion of soccer in a typical beer commercial.
I like the brand
I love it so much thank you I love it thank you u
I love it so much thank k you omggg I love it so cool
Thank you so much I love it thank you omggg I love it so much.
I love it so much thank you very have funn so happy
I love it so much thank you I’m so happy love it thank you
It makes u want a beer
"It's boring"
Love the beer and the POV
"Love the background, don't really care for buicks"
Very funnt
"Cool concept didn't like how it was all AI"
About cars
Ghhccc
"I'm not really sure"
I have no clue
Nothing
I dont have an opinion
No comment
everything
Nothing
Nothing
None
Everything
Could not care less
The Buick car made me want a new car
it was bad
The most important thing to do is get the best of wthe wthe wwy Wywueiwuuw
None
Everything
None
Nothing
Great survey
NA
"I don't know"
New M&M
Nothing special
Yup
Nothing
Nothing
"This is hilarious! I love Passive Progressive. I cackled at the end. Honestly, if the ad was shown EXACTLY like this with these low budget animated characters, it'd be even funnier than with live actors. Actually, I think the animation made it funny haha. It's like a quiet but hilarious ad that's uno obtrusive. Love it."
A clever take on a common behavior makes it easy to talk about insurance
ad caught my attention and I would like to try the progressive in the future
They sell high quality merch.
DoorDash is always there for you to dash and hurry inna jiffy
Don’t miss a minute of a World Cup playoffs and have your Michelob ultra delivered to your apartment with DoorDash
That green light is good 
Nothing
Not much really.
Nothing
I’m not sure
Nothing
Nothing
No comment
Na
Na
I have no comment
Not much really.
No
I don’t remember
None
No comment
"Don't recall"
None
Absolutely no comment
No surely
Nothing
I’m not sure
Nothing
Im.mot sure at all
Nothing
I do not know
None
Do much with them.
Nothing
Nothing
I totally forgot
Na
None
Im not sure
Nothing much
I am not sure
Nothing really.
I’m not for sure
Everything
"P I don't remember"
Nothing
I wasn’t sure
I like the ad and the Peter Pan references which created a feeling of escapism and adventure of financial app that works is what everyone’s looking for so the ad was appealing, although logically two different themes
adjfgjliavfbnjaef
qwkejrhtuiopasdl
zxcvbnmlkjhgfdsa
poiuytrewqasdfgh
mnbvcxzlkjhgftre
asdjfkglhweioruq
qpowituerylaksdf
zxmncbvlqweiruop
tyughbnmjkliopas
weroiuasdfjkghzx
lkjhgfdsaqwertyu
poiuytmnbvcxzasd
qweasdzxcrfvtgby
hnujmikolpqazwsx
edcrfvtgbyhnujmi
plmoknijbuhvygct
fxdrzeswaqplmokn
ijbuhvygctfxdrze
swaqzxcvbnmasdfg
hjklpoiuytrewqzx
mnbvfghjklqwerty
asdfgzxcvtyuiopl
qwertzuiopasdfgh
jklyxcvbnmqwetri
uopasdflkjhgfbnm
zaqwsxcderfvbgty
hnmjukilopzaqwsx
cdevfrbgtnhymjuk
ilopasdfghjklqwz
xcvbnmqwertyuiop
asldfkgjhqweruio
pzxmcnbvlaksjdfh
gqowieurtyplzmxn
cbvlaksjdfhgqowi
eurtyplzmxncbvla
ksjdfhgqwoieurty
asldkfjghqwoeiru
tzxcmvnblaksdjfh
gowieurtzxcmvnbl
qpwoeirutlaksjdf
hgzmxncbvlaqwpoi
eurtlaksjdfhgzmx
ncbvqwpoieurtlak
sjdfhgzmxncbvqwp
oieurtzxmcnvblak
sjdhfgqwpoeiruty
zxmcnvblaksdjfhg
qwpoeirut zxmcnv
asldkfjghewoqiru
tpzxmcnvblaksdjf
hgqwpoeirut zmxn
cbvlaksdjfhgqwpo
adjkflghweiortuz
xcvnbmlkajsdhfgq
woeirutpzxmcnvbl
aksjdfhgqwoeiurt
lzmxncbvlaksjdfh
ghqwpoierutlzmxn
cbvqwpoierutlzmx
ncbvlaksjdfhgqwp
oiertuzxmcnvblak
sjdfhgqwpoeirtzx
mcnvblaksjdfhgqw
trpoeiuzxmcnvbla
ksjdfhgqwpoeirut
zxmcvnblaksjdfhg
lqwpoierutzxmcnv
blaksjdfhgqwpoei
rutzxmcnvblaksjd
fhgqwpoierutzxmc
nvblaksjdfhgqwpo
ierutzxmcnvblaks
jdfhgqwpoierutzx
mcnvblkajshdfgqw
poierutzxmcnvbla
ksjdhfgqwpoeirut
asldkfjghqwoeiru
tpzxmncvblaksdfj
ghqwpoeiruzxmncv
blaksdjfhgqwpoei
rutzxmncvblaksdf
jghqwpoeirutzxmn
cvblaksjdfhgqwpo
eirutzxmncvblaks
djfhgqwpoeirutzx
mncvblaksjdfghqw
poeirutzxmncvbla
aksjdfhgpoeirutm
zxncvblkajshdfgq
woeiruptzxmncvbl
aksdjfhgqwpoeirz
xmncvblaksjdfhgq
wpoeirutzxmncvbl
aksjdfhgqwpoeirz
mncvblaksjdfhgqw
poeiruasldkfjghq
woeirutpzxmncvbl
aksjdfhgqwoeirup
tzxmncvblaksjdfh
gqwoeiruptzxmncv
